Among the sectors, except IT and Pharma all other indices are trading lower.
Today, USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.60 and 70.20, says Motilal Oswal.
With just a single star in ANCAP, the 2019 Jeep Wrangler scored the least marks out of any vehicle currently on sale in Australia Late last year, the Wrangler received single star rating in Euro NCAP crash tests and the result was no different in ANCAP despit
Ten months after Vodafone and Idea merged, executives remain confused and apprehensive. CEO tells ET the process is smooth
NMDC | Gati | Great Eastern Shipping | IRB Infrastructure | 20 Microns | 3M India | Sun Pharma and Aurobindo are stocks which are in the news today.
While major redundancies have been on the consumer-facing side, other impacted areas include supply chain, HR, finance, administration and networks.
Companies shutting shop, pivoting their business models or opting for outright sale.
Mahindra is currently working on various new products that will be launched in the Indian markets in the coming months The Indian automobile scenario is changing rapidly. Soon, there will be new crash norms test in place, and next year, the whole automobile s
RBI puts on hold Shanghvi Finance's request for core investment company licence.
January-March quarter growth may have slumped to 6-6.3% against 6.6% expansion in the preceding one.
Shares of DHFL fell almost four per cent
A  1,085 crore one-time charge following a governance scandal hit profit.Sudhir Valia, brother-in law of founder Dilip Shanghvi, will become a non-executive director from whole-time director
FY19 saw FDI equity inflows falling 1% to $44.4 bn in fresh policy challenge.The two sectors where FDI inflows dropped the most in 2018-19 are telecom (fell 56%) and pharma (dropped 74%)
Global sales of smartphones to end users declined 2.7 per cent in the first quarter (Q1) of 2019, totalling 373 million units, and despite its absence from the US, Huawei maintained its ranking as the No.2 smartphone vendor globally and continued to reduce th
CarWale tests Hyundai Venue SX 1.0 (O) Petrol. Read the complete road test report to know how it performed.
Suresh Kumar's appointment comes as Walmart is undertaking major investments in its e-commerce business.Suresh Kumar was associated with Google where he was serving as vice president and general manager of display, video, app ads and analytics
The GCMMF has recorded a sales turnover of Rs 33,150 crore for the financial year 2018-19, which is 13 per cent higher than the previous financial year.
R&D spend at 4.4% of revenue; launches 15 products in U.S.
Richard Yu, has revealed details about Huawei's OS. It will apparently be available later this Fall and it will be compatible with all Android apps.
GE's planned job cuts would occur principally at its site in Belfort, in the east of France.
IFC said its fund infusion is in sync with its strategic objective of "increasing the resilience of the country's financial sector while improving financial inclusion".
Sunil Bharti Mittal family and Singapore telecom firm Singtel-owned firm Bharti Telecom held 50.1 per cent stake with 211.62 shares in Bharti Airtel at the end of March 2019.
Foreign investors' equity will continue to increase and may even reach 100%
MacKenzie Bezos, the former wife of Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos, pledged on Tuesday to give half of her $36 billion fortune to charity, following a movement founded by billionaires Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates.
In absolute term, gross NPAs were at Rs 3,358.99 crore by the end of 2018-19, higher than Rs 2,694.21 crore year ago. Net NPAs rose to Rs 1,506.29 crore from Rs 1,457.89 crore.
Effectively, the transactions will now take place under three windows: 8am to 11am, 11am to 1am and 1am to 6pm.
Under the FAME II benefit, Zeal will attract Rs 18,000 in subsidy for the customer.
Economist Abhijit Mishra has filed the litigation stating that the pay-later service offered under Paytm Payments Bank is in violation of RBI guidelines.
According to Sachin Bansal, the traditional auto industry is up for a redefinition and the ecosystem that Ather is building with their products is the future of urban mobility.Bansal invested $32 million in the current round of fundraising
International Business News: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has been recognised among the top 50 companies in the US for diversity and inclusion management by excelling in areas
Stocks - Wall Street Rises Even as Trade Worries Continue
The 7-seater SUV will get a brand new diesel engine.
That time of the year when everyone is like, "Kitna mila?" "Kuch khaas nahi." Actors - Pratik Kamat | Rahul Nair | Vishnu Menon | | Pranjali Dubey | Vineeth ...
Prices have been on the rise since May 20, a day after the final phase of polling for the Lok Sabha elections ended.
Company cancels Board Meeting scheduled for Tuesday
If you are looking for the best price for an iPhone, India is not the ideal country. A new report has found that the price of iPhone XS in India is the fourth highest in the world.
Triumph Motorcycles, the iconic British brand known for bikes like the Street twin, Street Triple and Tiger among others, is offering huge discounts on its bikes.
Venture capital and growth-equity investment firm SAIF Partners has invested in a startup floated by former members of its own
The NCLAT gave a final opportunity to Vikram Bakshi to settle his dispute with HUDCO before the settlement between McDonald's and Bakshi could get its nod.
The Dow Jones Industrial Avergage is set to break its winning streak with its first monthly loss of 2019. Here's what went wrong.
Spot gold was down 0.1% at $1,283.52 per ounce by 1028 GMT, having touched its highest since May 17 at $1,287.32 in the previous session. US gold futures were also down 0.1% at $1,282.90 an ounce.
The FedEx Corp on Tuesday apologized on its Chinese social media account for mishandling Chinese telecoms equipment maker Huawei's packages, saying there was no external pressure.
None
Big brands like P&G and Lego will be immune from the changes.
The Australia based teenager first hacked into Apples servers when he was 13 and then when he was 15 in the hopes of scoring a job at the company.
Nifty50 is the most traded index derivative contract in India.
If the GDP report comes in below the 3.1% forecast then crude oil could break sharply again since this will likely mean that further weakness is coming. Furthermore, the report comes out before the weekly U.S. Energy Information Administrations inventories r
Music Broadcast Ltd (MBL), a subsidiary of Jagran Prakashan is acquiring Reliance Broadcast Network, which houses Big FM, for Rs 1,050 crore.
Today, USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.20 and 69.90, says Motilal Oswal.
With 50% of Indias domestic market, the carrier known as IndiGo isnt resting on its laurels.
An emergency meeting of the PSX Board of Directors accepted Morin's resignation.
Lenders are yet to receive a formal offer from the Hinduja Group, which had recently said it was evaluating the opportunity to invest in Jet Airways
Arun Sarin, the former CEO of Vodafone Group, is looking forward to working with Bhavish Aggarwal and the Ola Electric team towards 'their bold vision for the future of mobility' as an independent director.
Analysts had projected a net profit within a range of Rs 249.4 crore and Rs 358.5 crore for the recently concluded quarter.
After being re-elected for the second term, the Modi-led government is now planning to ease the tax norms to provide
Alibaba had raised $25 billion in New York in the worlds largest initial public offering
The TVS Apache RR 310 is now available with a slipper clutch. The upgraded bike is priced at Rs. 2.27 lakh (ex-showroom, Delhi).The Apache RR 310 shares its underpinnings with the BMW G 310 R. The fully ...
"Reliance Capital has exercised the Green-Shoe option and will sell over 8 percent of its shareholding in RNAM through OFS aggregating approx Rs 1,100 crore," the Anil Ambani-led company said in an exchange release.
Bitcoin's run this year follows a painful downtrend that lasted the majority of last year and saw the digital currency tumble more than 70 percent.
Gurugram-based home diagnostics service provider Healthians, which is backed by cricketer Yuvraj Singh, has entered Mumbai and Pune with the acqui-hire of Mumbai-based Wow Web Solutions Private Limited that owns and operates a B2B diagnostic logistic service 
Research and software development through Next47 will actively drive implementation of cutting-edge technologies
Japanese conglomerate Sony Corp has revived talks with Essel Group to buy Zee Entertainment.Get latest Technology online at cnbctv18.com
Info Edge (India) Ltd, the operator of jobs site Naukri.com and real estate portal 99acres.com, has agreed to acquire the company
Apart from increased disclosures, the RBI has also proposed strengthening the governance framework at NBFCs.
Huawei Director and CEO Ren Zhengfei answered media questions about the US ban.
Dairy firm Delhi Milk Scheme (DMS) is expected to soon hike retail milk prices in the national capital in line with major competitors Mother Dairy and Amul to ensure remunerative rates to farmers, Animal Husbandry Secretary Tarun Shridhar said on Monday
The company said it sold 14 per cent more CNG to automobiles and five per cent more piped cooking gas to household kitchens in the fourth quarter of 2018-19.
There are attractions in collaboration, but this merger proposal goes well beyond a more limited alliance or partnership. So why is Fiat Chryslers billionaire chairman John Elkann taking such a big risk?
India needs to build upon its investment, data and strategy in order to accelerate its AI journey.
European stocks gain on EU election relief and auto shares surge
Tata Motors domestic PV volumes declined 38%, domestic volumes of Honda fell 28% in May.
Indian companies have to follow multiple legislation (local and global), increased cost of compliance and loss of business in some cases in the GDPR era.
Bharti Airtel and ZEE5, which is hailed to be Indias fastest growing OTT platform, have been in a partnership to provide exclusive content to the Airtel subscribers from quite some time now. However, going a step further, the content platform []
Facebook's plans for GlobalCoin are moving aggressively ahead and the tech giant has had talks with the U.S. derivatives regulator, the CFTC.
Its time for another edition of Moonday Mornings! If youre new around here, this is Hard Forks wrap-up of the weekends top cryptocurrency and blockchain headlines that you shouldnt miss. Lets get to it. 1. For about five minutes over the weekend, the Bi
Nalanda Capital owns 10.6 percent stake in Mindtree, making it the company's largest institutional investor.
Hero MotoCorp launched two scooters and three new motorcycles - XPulse 200, the XPulse 200T and the Xtreme 200S in May 2019.
It is always advisable never try to time the market but give time in the market if you wish to reap the benefits of equity investing.
The KTM Duke 790 was to be launched in India by this time. With no official information available still, let's take a look at 5 things which make it unique.
The Nikkei India Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index, improved to 52.7 in May from 51.8 in April, pointing to the strongest improvement in the health of the sector in three months.
Airtel Digital TV, Bharti Airtels DTH wing, has managed to add 391,000 subscribers in the last quarter of FY19 ending in March. The DTH operator registered 45.7% QoQ and 69.7% YoY growth with this subscriber addition. It is worth noting []

The top Nifty gainers included Hero Moto, Bajaj Auto, Asian Paints, Britannia Industries and Indian Oil Corporation while the top losers are ONGC, ITC, Hindalco Industries, Mahindra & Mahindra and Eicher Motors.
Former ecommerce executives Raveen Sastry, Sanjay Ramakrishnan, and Bhushan Patil have joined hands to launch Multiply Ventures, an early-to-growth stage fund of $50 million.
Analysts say hopes of monetary policy easing by the central bank this week boosted the rupee. Snapping a three-day losing streak, the rupee had settled at 69.70 against the US dollar on Friday, 17 paise higher compared to the previous close.
International Business News: An anonymous bidder has agreed to pay a record $4,567,888 at an annual charity auction to have a private lunch with Warren Buffett, the billionaire ch
<p>It is expected to be launched in India in the months to come.</p>
Maruti Suzuki Baleno took just 44 months to reach this milestone with over 27% market share in A2+ segment; comes with 2 petrol and 1 diesel engine Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) has announced today that the Baleno premium hatchback has reached a sales mi
The rupee is emerging Asia's top performer in the past three months, thanks to the gush of foreign cash.
In April 2018, for example, the MPC had projected CPI at 4.4 percent for H2 FY19 with an upward bias. As it turned out, inflation averaged 2.5 percent during the period.Get latest Business online at cnbctv18.com
Currently, Vistara has more than 22 planes and operates around 850 flights every week
India's gross domestic product grew 5.8 percent in January-March, official data released on May 31 showed, confirming fears of a slowdown. The growth in GDP was slowest since 2014-15
FedExs investigation was framed as a warning by Beijing after the Trump administration imposed a ban on business with telecom giant Huawei Technologies Co.
A 65,000-ton cruise ship blared an urgent horn as it beelined toward a busy Venetian dock, sending panicked onlookers running for safety.
Home-grown two-wheeler maker, Bajaj Auto is planning to bring in Electric vehicle in the financial year 2019-2020. As per a senior company official, the development will take place across segments.
Honda will soon bring the HR-V to the Indian market, it will directly compete with Hyundai Creta along with Maruti S-Cross, Nissan Kicks Honda will soon launch the HR-V crossover in the Indian market as per some media reports. The crossover is already on sale
Vinod Nair, Head Of Research at Geojit Financial Services said since the valuation of mid and smallcaps is below the long-term averages, they are bound to outperform
Growth cooled to 5.8 per cent in the first three months of the year, the slowest pace in several quarters, according to a report on Friday.
SpiceJet is Indias biggest budget airline after InterGlobe Aviation Ltds IndiGo
After the results, the new government at the centre has taken the reins of the country, and the cabinet is all set up. With these things in place now, the government might be looking at auctioning the 4G and 5G []
Germany's Infineon close to acquiring Cypress Semiconductor: Bloomberg
Model Y production is expected to begin in late 2020 for North America.Musk also spoke on the forthcoming electric pickup, says 'It wont look like a normal truck. Its going to be pretty sci-fi,'
Trends on SGX Nifty indicate a positive opening for the broader index in India, a rise of 52 points or 0.44 percent. Nifty futures were trading around 11,977-level on the Singaporean Exchange.
Qantas Airways Ltd. ditched the notion of rolling out bunks, beds, a gym or even a creche for passengers enduring the worlds longest commercial flight.The passengers will be given a space to have a stretch and a drink of water, Qantas Chief Executive Officer
Here's a look at the top stocks that may remain in focus today -
Softbank-backed digital payments major Paytm has reportedly been in talks with digital insurance marketplace Coverfox for all-cash deal.
Bonds 'on fire' as flight to safety gathers momentum
Skodas answer to the likes of Jeep Compass and Hyundai Tucson, the Karoq, will arrive on Indian shores sometime in mid-2020 Karoq is based on the MQB platform, used by many cars in the VW Group. It looks like a scaled-down version of the Kodiaq. Available wi
Under a second term for PM Modi, we are hopeful that the reform program will continue and accelerate to provide a great deal of upside for the Indian economy, says Solomon.
A few cues from the market in India and abroad that could help you with your trade today.
Yes Bank is undergoing management change amid doubts about the quality of assets.
Oil prices slide as trade wars roil financial markets
The updated commuter moves a few notches up within its segment. Hat tip to automotive enthusiast Ritesh Kumar and Parveen Kumar for sharing the update.
Key highlights Kik announces #DefendCrypto State Farm/USAA test blockchain Coinbase adds EOS Japan approves the new crypto bill Anchorage adds insurance Kik announces #DefendCrypto This [...]
The Kia Seltos is the new crossover we've been seeing in sketches
Reportedly the DOJ will investigate Google and the FTC will take on Amazon.
Earlier in January, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare had informed that it has received approval from the fair trade regulator CCI for its merger deal.Under the deal, Unilevers Indian arm, HUL is acquiring GSK CH India via an all-equity merger
In my opinion, the primary driver of the rally is not fear, but increased bets on a Fed rate cut. Gold traders started to anticipate the move by the Fed, but Trumps move to place a tariff on Mexico probably solidified the rate cut in the eyes of gold specula
The Hyundai Venue is the latest player in the subcompact SUV segment and is offered in a range of trim levels and variant options to choose from. We tell you which variants offer the most value for your money.
ONGC, in the previous two financial years, had lost the most profitable PSU tag to IOC.
The US Justice Department is reportedly opening a probe to investigate Google for potential antitrust violations in its search and advertising businesses.
Hyundai had registered domestic sales of 45,008 units in May 2018, it said in a statement.
The new Voadfone Rs 229 prepaid plan offers 2GB daily data along with unlimited local and national calling and 28 days validity, Vodafone, Vodafone prepaid recharge plan
CIL had produced 47.12 million tonnes of coal in the same month last year, it said in a BSE filing on June 2.
Rapid turnover of executives in the wake of the Carlos Ghosn scandal is fanning a global diaspora of former Nissan talent across the auto industry and complicating the Japanese automaker's recovery efforts.
The association between both carmakers extends from selling badge-engineered models to offering ones that are likely to share a similar set of features The Toyota Glanza is the first outcome of the tie-up between Toyota and Suzuki. The Glanza looks quite simi
Bank expects to garner  1,500 crore from Bank of Baroda Employee Share Purchase Scheme.Bank of Baroda has now become the second-largest public sector lender after the State Bank of India
Essar Steel is undergoing insolvency proceedings.
What is missing from Tata Skys arsenal of STBs right now is a truly smart box, one that can also bundle video streaming apps such as Netflix, Amazon Video, Hotstar etc.
Withdraws from motorsports
Full service carrier Jet Airways, which had a significant number of international flights, temporarily suspended operations in April after running out of cash.
The overall tele-density in India declined to 90.11 at the end of March from 91.86 in February.
The petrol scooter is expected to be launched soon while the electric variant is some time away.
City of Pune has one of the most congested roads in the country. Such roads help during testing.
Pursuant to the acquisition, the company holds 99.99 per cent of the total equity share capital of BEL
Ministry asks SFIO to probe the role of lenders, credit rating agencies in the IL&FS fraud case
Honda Cars India Ltd. Reports domestic sales of 11,442 units in May 2019.
SBI (352.5)The resistance at 362 has been holding well for SBI. The stock made a high of 362.2 and has come-off in the past week. A strong break and a decisive close above 362 are needed for SBI t
The rout has erased a total of $7.8 billion from the stakes of Teslas four biggest individual shareholders.Musk, 47, is now ranked No. 46 on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index with a net worth of $19.7 billion
Airtel called for lower 5G airwave prices in the upcoming auctions, which Gopal Vittal, MD and CEO for India and South Asia, again termed as exorbitant.
Thirty five audit firms of IL&FS, ITNL are under scrutiny of SFIO, may be served notices soon.
Looking forward, the bank is well-positioned on the back of strong business growth, capital and liquidity, and the ability to charge spreads to be in leadership positions.
Lucknow, 4th June, 2019: Sahara India Pariwar, one of the biggest Indian business conglomerates, announces its foray into the automobile sector, under the brand name, Sahara Evols. The business venture will cater Indias largest range of Electric Vehicles (
BMW Group partnered with Lufthansa Cargo to create a promotional video highlighting electric MINI in an unusual manner With the electric vehicle game in the full swing, every manufacturer wants to pitch themselves as the green manufacturer. BMW Group's Mini w
A day after the government announced its intention to hold spectrum auctions in the current year, industry body COAI said that the recommended base price of 5G radiowaves is nearly 30-40 per cent higher than the rates in markets like South Korea and the US.
RBI also introduced the concept of 'economic interdependence' criteria in definition of connected counterparties.The central bank said that banks need to take into account their direct and indirect exposure to an underlying asset while calculating total expos
The offer targets  to reduce net debts.
Google Pay has dethroned its arch-rivals Paytm and PhonePe to become the largest contributor of NPCI-owned unified payment railroad.
After preliminary talks over the last week, Renault directors are set to meet on June 4 and decide whether to enter into formal discussions, which most observers expect it to do.
Global brokerage house, CLSA sees limited impact from revision in credit ratings by Fitch to below investment grade
Dewan Housing Finance Ltd (DHFL) has missed its interest payment deadline of 4 June 2019 on a set of outstanding bonds owing to fund shortage but may pay the over Rs1,000 crore over next seven days, say media reports. The non-banking finance company (NBFC) ha
HMIL which recently stepped into the compact SUV segment with Venue is already running its Chennai plant at 100 percent capacity.
The row has its origins a regulatory diktat that had decreed paring promoter's holding in the bank.
LOS ANGELES: YouTube is taking additional steps to restrict the possibility that children will be targeted by predators on the video platform - including banning young children from live-streaming without adult supervision.
The Rs 1 lakh figure is not an exact increment that Mahindra would charge, but it says that would be a price premium that buyers would accept for a BS6 diesel engine Sub-4m diesel SUVs may command a premium of up to Rs 80,000. Bigger SUVs may require you to s
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday barred auditing firm S.R. Batliboi & Company from handing audits in commercial banks for a period of one-year starting April 1, 2019.
This is because production has started exclusively to meet demand by the Indian army. The Indian Army is yet to find a suitable replacement to the original mountain goat in India's car world - the Maruti Gypsy. The army requested the government to relax rules
Since Ola and Uber cut down the driver incentives by 40%, their supply of drivers went down a chunk and hence the growth rates slowed down by 80%
Computer science students getting ready to enter the workforce see several video game publishers and big-name tech firms as ideal employers.
The IPO of Penna Cement comprises fresh issue of up to Rs 1,300 crore and an offer for sale of up to Rs 250 crore by the company's promoter, PR Cement Holdings Limited.
Though there is a strong case for an aggressive 50 basis points cut in policy rates, the RBI is likely to take a more measured decision to cut rates by 25 basis points.
The central bank wants all the new players who have got licences in the last 3-4 years to stabilise, and see how they are progressing
Toyota will offer a better warranty package with the Glanza than its counterpart, Maruti, does with the Baleno Based on the Baleno, the Glanza will be the first car to come out of the Toyota-Suzuki agreement. It will only be available with a couple of 1.2-lit
But, there seems to be some resistance from telecom companies. Airtel, for example, may sit out the auctions if the base price doesnt come down.
From a technical perspective, WTI prices could consolidate inside $55.32 to $52.70 this week and Brent inside $62.92 to $60.32. If they can accomplish this then a support base will form and we can say with confidence that the worst of the selling is over.
Salesforce Q1 earnings and revenue beat analyst estimates, while raised full-year guidance exceeded Wall Street targets. Salesforce stock rose late Tuesday.
YES Bank, NTPC, Vedanta, Axis Bank and Coal India were among the main leaders.
The govt has decided to come out with the preliminary information memorandum (PIM) inviting expression of interest (EoI) by the first week of July
South Korean brands Samsung in the mobile phone category and LG for television took the fifth and the sixth positions, respectively
At the end of March, Nokia had 30 commercial 5G contracts signed with various operators. Two months ago Huawei was still in a game and to have the score of 30 deals is a big success.
Govt, RBI must aim to grow volumes by a factor of 10 in 3 years, says panel.The Nilekani panel has pushed for the removal of all charges on digital payment
Jet shut operations in April 17 leaving over 14,000 employees in lurch
The aircraft was grounded to take care of an issue that required maintenance.Vistaras first Boeing aircraft was grounded within a day of joining the fleet
SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir withdrew more than Rs 800 crore in last four days from Jammu and Kashmir Bank alone, informed sources told Kashmir Life. They said that almost seventy per cent of these transactions took place across the ATM networks in Kashmir alo
Tata Sky subscribers would get a 30 days free trial for Tata Sky Binge.According to a Tata Sky spokesperson, the company is in talks with some other video streaming services to bring them on Tata Sky Binge platform
It will take years of development, though.
Zomato has claimed to have online ordering operations over 300 cities in India. Just a few weeks ago, it had crossed 200 cities mark.
Last month, Zambian government seized control of KCM, one of Africa's biggest copper producers saying it had breached environmental and financial regulations.
The award would be conferred upon Sundar Pichai, and Friedman during the next week's 'India Ideas Summit'.With companies like Google and Nasdaq at the forefront, bilateral trade in goods and services has grown by nearly 150%
On June 4, the Sensex ended 184.08 points lower at 40,083.54, while the Nifty shed 66.80 points to close at 12,021.70
A significant monetary stimulus may be required given the ongoing consumption slowdown.The rise in manufacturing activity was aided by new orders
In a bid to be more inclusive of the LGBTQ+ community of India, Tinder will now allow users to select their sexual orientation on the app, and even display it on their profile.
Twenty-eight-year-old Chinese blockchain entrepreneur Justin Sun bid a record 4.57 million U.S. dollars to have lunch with billionaire investor Warren Buffett.
The new EcoSport line-up will be available at a price range of Rs 7.69 lakh to Rs 11.33 lakh in both petrol and diesel engine options.
The reaction to key technical levels at $1332.60 to $1335.70 may be indicating the presence of sellers. More importantly, September 10-Treasury Notes did not make a new high overnight and are currently trading lower. Stocks are edging higher also after postin
The Maruti Suzuki Baleno is also the countrys first BSVI compliant premium hatchback.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 per cent and 99.5 per cent purity surged by Rs 175 each to Rs 33,370 per 10 grams and Rs 33,200 per 10 grams, respectively.
Delhi-based student Palash Taneja got the chance to meet Apple CEO Tim Cook in San Jose.Taneja's question had the floor burst into laughter
Dr. Reddys Laboratories Ltd. (BSE: 500124) (NSE: DRREDDY) (NYSE: RDY) (along with its subsidiaries together referred to as Dr. Reddys) today annou
Technical factors could determine the direction of the market on Tuesday. For WTI oil, the direction of the market is likely to be determined by trader reaction to $52.70. The key level to watch for Brent crude oil is $60.32.
Higher gold imports by India, the world's second-biggest consumer of the precious metal, could support global prices that are trading near their highest level in three months.
Bajaj Auto Limited has posted positive motorcycle sales for May 2019 with a total of 3.65 lakh units sold.
A wide set of analysts expect the RBI to cut rates by 0.25 per cent at June 6 review, primarily to address worries on growth, which has dipped to a 5-year-low of 5.8 per cent for the March quarter.
The startup will induct 70 Mahindra eVerito sedans in the first phase, across Delhi NCR including Gurugram, Noida, Greater Noida, Ghaziabad and Faridabad.
Investment figures, manufacturing weaker than expected
MG Motor India has made an investment of Rs 150 crore and has inaugurated its new corporate headquarters in Gurugram. - Overdrive
White House Antitrust Subcommittee Chairman David N. Cicilline announced a bipartisan investigation into tech companies, including Google.
None of the observations are repetitive and are more procedural in nature, Aurobindo Pharma said.
Today, USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.05 and 69.60, says Motilal Oswal.
Independent Facebook investors voted overwhelmingly to fire Mark Zuckerberg as chairman and scrap the firms share structure.
Forecast of a normal monsoon and extension of PM Kisan scheme likely to boost rural income, say cos.
<p>Kia Motors has ventured back into the large three-row SUV segment with the Telluride.</p>
The proposed pipeline would be implemented by a JV. IOC will have 50 per cent share in the JV with HPCL and BPCL having 25 per cent share each
GIC and ADIA have invested $1.55 billion till date in Greenko Group.Greenko Group planning to set up Indias first large integrated clean energy storage project
Global shares subdued as trade risk sours rate hopes
Wipro acquires International TechneGroup Incorporated to drive interoperability software and industrial and engineering services.
Conglomerate will remain largest investor in Chinese group with 26% stake
MG Motor has inaugurated its first showroom in India. It is located at Milestone Experian Centre, Sector-15, Gurugram.MG has incorporated British cultural icons like the Big Ben, the Union Jack, ...
India's growth forecast is the brightest spot in a grim forecast for the world economy.
In United States, Google&#39;s India-born CEO Sundar Pichai and Nasdaq president Adena Friedman have been chosen for the prestigious Global Leadership Awards 2019 .
The online shopping giant did not give exact timing or say where the drones will be making deliveries.Amazon said its new drones use computer vision and machine learning to detect and avoid people or clotheslines in backyards when landing
Antitrust case against US automaker comes on heels of FedEx probe
Property listings portal NoBroker.com said on Thursday it has raised $51 million in a Series C round of funding led by private
The market participants would keep an eye on the RBIs monetary policy (on June 6) as it would provide further direction to the market
Current regulations are "utterly insufficient" to protect consumers.
Except FMCG, all other sectoral indices are trading negative led by PSU bank, energy, pharma, metal, IT, auto and infra.
Oils Bear Market Deepens: Brent Under $60 After Big U.S. Inventory Build
Ecosystem doesnt back huge cash burn for entertainment apps, market lacks scale and investors bet on tested ideas.
Meanwhile on the trade front, Mexican and US officials are set to resume talks in Washington on June 6 aimed at averting an imposition of tariffs on Mexican goods.
A worrying slowdown in India's economy makes a case for RBI to cut policy rate by at least 25 bps on Thursday. But can a rate cut really help stem the slowdown? Let's have at the workings of the monetary policy in managing the economy. Back to basics
The Bank of England forecasts Britain's quarterly economic growth rate will slow to 0.2% for the three months to June
Its official. After much anticipation, China named the first companies to receive 5G licenses for commercial use on Thursday. The announcement from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the countrys telecoms authority, came as Huawei, the Chi
India's largest telecommunications companies, including Vodafone Idea, Bharti Airtel Ltd and Reliance Industries Ltd's Jio - all members of COAI - are expected to participate in the auction.
Taking forward fundngs in realty, NoBroker, has raised a $50.67 million (Rs 351.04 crore) Series C round led by General Atlantic (GA).
A proposed merger between Fiat Chrysler -Renault, which would have created the third largest global automaker, is off. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles withdrew its offer, The Wall Street Journal reported. FCA confirmed to TechCrunch that it has withdrawn its offer,
ChrysCapital, Blackstone Group also among entities shortlisted; deal may value Citius at $900 million.
Also helping sentiment was a Washington Post report that Republican lawmakers may vote to block new tariffs on Mexican goods threatened by President Donald Trump.Federal Reserve Chairman Powell says Fed will act 'as appropriate' to counter trade war risks
Over the next 12-18 months, Pratilipi will focus on improving the technology infrastructure, including its recommendation and personalization engines, and to expand the number of writers on its platform
The move comes as Bezos is beginning a new chapter in his personal life: In April, he completed his divorce. | realestate.boston.com
Indian Bank saw a net loss of Rs 190 crore in the March quarter, against a net profit of Rs 132 crore in the same period last year.
Fitch downgraded the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) to BB+ from BBB- for both banks.The one-notch downgrade of ICICI Bank, Fitch said, reflects its assessment of Indias operating environment
The next gen Mahindra Thar looks notably larger than its current counterpart. Photos and video are credit to Shobhit Mathur from popular Facebook group - 4x4 INDIA.
Chen's demand came in response to concerns raised by Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on the security issues related to Chinese telecom gear in his first interaction with the media
The bank is also pursuing reforms agenda --Enhanced Access and Service Excellence -- prescribed by the finance ministry for turnaround of the bank
The seasonally adjusted Nikkei India Services Business Activity Index, published by IHS Markit, fell to a one-year low of 50.2 in May, from 51 in April.New business inflows at service providers increased at the slowest pace in eight months
Foreign direct investment in services sector grew 36.5 per cent to USD 9.15 billion in 2018-19, according to the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT).
The RBI may also switch its stance to accommodative from neutral.
Swiggy has reportedly asked SoftBank for $300-500 million.
Hyundai Creta has become India's best selling SUV. Last it was No 1, was about 2 years ago.
Proposes allowing MF investing with KYC-compliant bank account; move will help penetration in B-30 markets
DoT says only the government can sell asset; move may make RCom, Aircel less attractive to buyers.
The Glanza will only be available with a petrol engine, unlike the Baleno which also gets a diesel
US President Donald Trump accidentally referred to Cook as Tim Apple during a conference in March this year and the joke is still on him.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) has mandated that the mentioning of Unique Document Identification Number ( UDIN ) is mandatory for
Price is only Rs 400 more than the regular Activa variant.
The currency moved only marginally against the dollar in May despite a steep fall in oil prices, the country's major import, and a landslide victory for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, something previous polls had said would be the best
BMW and Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) have announced a collaboration to co-develop electric drive units (EDU). The two companies have joined hands to share know-how and resources needed in the development of ...
The prospect of legal action backed by France marks a new headache for the former Nissan CEO, with the countrys finance ministry identifying 11 million in questionable expenses.
Experts speaking to Moneycontrol advise selling the stock as well as staying away from such companies unless some big company buys it
Samsung Elec adjusts production volume at China mobile phone plant
The rate cut had been expected and analysts believe that more measures to juice the economy could be on the way.
The move comes after the ministry of corporate affairs launched a prosecution against Deloitte Haskins and Sells as well as BSR and Associates LLP and their former auditors for their alleged role in perpetuating the fraud at IFIN, a subsidiary ofIL&FS.
Tata plans to make inroads into small towns, rural pockets and even villages where not a single car has been sold so far.Tata Motors is also re-aligning its digital strategy due to the growing influence of digital medium
Uber has embedded the web version of its food delivery app - Uber Eats - into the main application in select markets.
Both Vijay Kalantri and his son Vishal Kalantri, owe close to Rs 3,334 crore to a consortium of 16 banks in the country .
The Toyota Glanza hatchback will come with a standard 3-year/1 lakh kilometer warranty.
India going cashless will be as much a story of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's second term as it was of his first
As part of a big strategy to get all its customers to use both Eats and its ride-hailing service, Uber is integrating Eats into its main app.
For setting up a restaurant, all the investments have to be made before even a penny is earned. On the other hand, cloud kitchens can efficiently fulfil a vast number of orders at lower costs. The savings shore up the bottom line. Faasos, which turned into
Differentiating the Glanza from the Baleno is a set of badges, new grille and a 3 year/1 lakh km warranty
SFIO has named Deloitte, KPMG and others along with some of their senior executives in the IL&FS case.
Titagarh Wagons will be divesting 4.49 per cent stake in its subsidiary Cimmco in the open market.
Foodtech unicorn Swiggy won the food delivery race last year, and was closely followed by FoodPanda. Rival Zomato got only 23.78 percent of the market share by transactional volume.
The 41-year-old Wipro scion takes over as executive chairman next month.
Michelin and GM are underway to develop the worlds first series production airless tyre. Michelin and a few other tyre manufacturers have been working on such futuristic tyre designs for a few years now,however, nothing actually materialised and such tyres r
Facebook has finally circled a date for its GlobalCoin whitepaper launch, eying a June 18 release, TechCrunch reported Thursday. A European Facebook executive reportedly let the date slip to a German reporter at the Money 2020 Conference. TechCrunch also re
Tata Sky has decided to discontinue its multi-TV policy just months after bringing benefits for its subscribers using multiple TV connections.
According to a recent IDC report, Apple and Huawei constituted most of the Chinese tablet market in Q1 2019. Xiaomi also bragged huge sales and consolidated third position despite the slump in the Chinese tablet market in recent years. Surprisingly, Apple top
According to a media report, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) has withdrawn its offer for a merger with Renault. The company has blamed French politics for the failed merger bid.Reports suggest that the ...
The chairman and managing director of Manpasand Beverages Ltd has offered to step down in the wake of an alleged tax fraud involving
Jittery markets are facing a crisis of confidence with respect to the precariously perched NBFC.
CARE also downgraded rating on the short-term bank facilities worth Rs 187 crore to 'D' from 'A3' earlier
Droom has also been improving its recommended engine system at the Artificial Intelligence Lab for better references, and machine learning is also
'We are happy to partner with Microsoft to support our customer as they move towards a cloud-centric approach to their businesses. Cloud adoption is a 'when' and not an 'if',' Vodafone Idea Chief Enterprise Business Officer Nick Gliddon said in a statement.
China has issued 5G licenses to its three carriers in a move to cover the country.
India Business News: New Delhi, Jun 6 () Infrastructure major Larsen and Toubro on Thursday acquired 25,000 equity shares of Mindtree Ltd, taking its total holding in the
The Mukesh Ambani led telecom operator Reliance Jio seems to have found its silver lining in the industry because of the areas that it has touched. The telecom has become a winner in the wireless sector and slowly has been
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) had last month questioned and recorded the statements of Chanda Kochhar and her husband Deepak Kochhar over multiple sessions.
Taiwanese mobile phone maker Asus Thursday said that its products supply and after-sales service for products would remain unchanged for all consumers in India, following the Delhi high court verdict restraining it from selling or advertising devices and acce
Gold Prices Extend Rally to 7 Days as Rate Cut Expectations Boost Demand
Indian shares are likely to open little changed on Friday, tracking flat trades in global markets and after the Reserve Bank of Indias monetary policy decision. The central bank had cut the repo rate by 25 bps and changed its stance to accommodative from 
Among others, Apples WWDC 2019 was attended by nearly 350 students who won a special scholarship to attend the event.
Launch is expected to take place tomorrow, which is when prices will also be revealed.
Among the Sensex stocks, only Bajaj Finance could give more than 100 percent return during the time index travelled from 30,000 to 40,000. It surged 167 percent in the given period
Among the list of companies under the scanner are SBI Fund Management, ING Mutual Fund (now Birla Sunlife) and BNP Paribas.
The circular on operational guidelines for the new forex platform for retail participants shall be issued by June-end, RBI said
The BJP government needs to focus on some critical public sector undertakings (PSUs). There has been a systematic neglect and deliberate incapacitation in state-owned MTNL and BSNL. The BJP government's policy has resulted in complete financial chaos, Congres
The 865 cc Big Bore kit from S&S Performance will enhance the power output to nearly 75 bhp and 80 Nm torque and it costs $634.95 (around Rs. 44,000) Royal Enfield has left the competition in its wake with the help of Interceptor 650 and Continental GT 650 as
The account in question is managed by the bank's zonal stressed-assets recovery branch in South Mumbai.
With fair competition between local players and global tech, a 10-fold growth in digital transactions may not be a pipe dream.
The rates usually change in April. However, the authority is implementing these changes from June 16 for FY20.
The Google acquisition of Looker will move Looker's BI and analytics capabilities to Google Cloud, enabling Google to better compete with other enterprise-level cloud analytics vendors and potentially gain on AWS and Azure.
Under the white labelling services, the third party competitors can take L&T products on a reasonable price for selling under their own brand for a period of five years.
The Rs 2,800 crore tranche is the first fund infusion for the Amazon India marketplace after the Indian government released the draft ecommerce policy in February this year.
Washington D.C. [USA], June 6 (ANI): While a baby's cry can worry a parent, at the same time it can be irritating too. A group of researchers in the US has come up with a new artificial intelligence method which is capable of identifying and differentiating n
<p>Toyota Glanza launched: What else can you buy?</p>
The RBI's MPC cut its repo rate by 25 basis points to 5.75 percent, changing the policy stance to "accommodative" from "neutral".
Post the acquisition, Skyblue holds 82.64% equity in the home shopping channel
Passive inflation and the central banks full tank of gas make the case to cut even stronger.
According to a media report, the government has started work on the bifurcation of GAIL (India) into marketing and transportation units - one of them to be sold
<p>Jaguar Land Rover India has announced the launch of the 2-litre diesel derivative of the 2019 Discovery in India.</p>
Markets can no longer distinguish financiers that are illiquid from those that are insolvent.
Dietary supplements sold for weight loss, muscle building, and energy are tied to severe adverse events in youth; researchers call for better regulation and decreased access to supplements by youth.
Among the sectors, metal, bank and IT are trading higher, while some selling seen in the energy, FMCG and pharma.
Oil prices extend gains, move further away from five-month lows
Spencer Platt/Getty ImagesJeff BezosJeff Bezos believes that the best leaders are right a lot.The CEO of Amazon was asked about this unusual belief at the
Exclusive to Kitco News, technical analyst Gary Wagner provides a daily recap of what happened in the gold market, highlighting important events that captured investors' attention during the U.S. trading session. Wagner's commentary features a mix of fundamen
The pair will apply Subaru's all-wheel-drive technologies and Toyota's vehicle electrification technologies to the new SUV, which each will sell under its own brands, the automakers said in a statement.
The RBI justified this by saying that banks will now have to pass on these benefits to its customers.
Flare-up in trade tensions sours rate-hope rally
International Business News: Wipro has acquired US-based International TechneGroup Inc (ITI), a digital engineering and manufacturing solutions company, for $45 million. ITI speci
Rating agency ICRA recently downgraded the credit ratings of five debt mutual fund (MF) schemes belonging to asset management companies of UTI, Principal and Aditya Birla Sun Life
Flex counts among a clutch of vendors  manufacturers, chip designers and other component suppliers  that Huawei relies on to conduct its global business.
India News: Chanda Kochhar, the former CEO of ICICI Bank who was to appear before the ED on Thursday for questioning in a money laundering case, has sought a fres.
In its third rate cut since February the Reserve Bank of India today lowered the key repo rate by 25 basis points to 5.75%. This brings the repo rate  the key interest rate at...
India plans to order taxi aggregators like Uber and Ola to convert 40% of their fleet of cars to electric by April 2026, according to a source and records of government meetings to discuss new rules for clean mobility.
The Director-General of GST in Pune has slapped IOC, the country's biggest oil firm, with a tax demand of Rs 4,002 crore for alleged non-payment of excise duty on ethanol mixed in petrol. HPCL has been asked to pay over Rs 346 crore.
The Fund criticises the Trump administration's efforts to overhaul global trade relationships by raising tariffs.
Investor sentiment turned sour after rating agencies Crisil, Icra and Care downgraded Dewan Housing Finance Corporation's (DHFL) commercial papers (CP), citing delays in debt servicing.
IndiGo, Spicejet, and GoAir are making the most out of the grounding of Jet Airways.
As part of that push, it said it needed to increase the supply of batteries, citing greater-than-expected growth of the electric vehicle (EV) market.
Measure by a sphygmomanometer, blood pressure is considered as normal when it is below 120 mm Hg systolic and 80 mm Hg diastolic.
 Reduced competition allow the airlines to charge high fares despite
When her weight became a hindrance in being able to lead a normal, healthy life, she decided to change her lifestyl
Of 29 large-cap schemes, only three outperformed their respective benchmark indices
BJP leader Mohit Kamboj has been declared a "wilful defaulter" by the state-run Bank of Baroda. Kamboj, chief of Mumbai unit of Bhartiya Janata Yuva Morcha who was in news earlier this year when he replaced his last name with "Bhartiya", disputed the bank's a
The deal builds on an existing partnership where the two companies share more than 350 customers, including BuzzFeed, Hearst and Yahoo, Google said in a statement.
JV to buy Indiabulls promoter Gehlauts 39% stake in IBREL for  2,700 crore.Deal is likely to be completed in three transactions, with the JV taking a 15% stake this week
HDFC Bank has now appointed MSKA & Associates as its new statutory auditor.RBI has barred audit firm S.R.Batliboi & Co. Llp from auditing commercial banks for a year starting 1 April 2019
(with inputs from Nikhil Pahwa) The RBI announced on Thursday that it would not issue licenses to payments banks on-tapuntil those companies that were granted licences in the past 3-4 years had stabilised. In its guidelines for the licensing of payments ba
Hyundai Venue had garnered more than 17,000 bookings in the very first week of its launch and has already surpassed rivals like Tata Nexon, Ford EcoSport, and Mahindra XUV300 in terms of sales.
Competitors Ola and Uber, are looking to start converting to EVs by next year to reach their electrification targets.
If you are salaried and want to save income tax, then here are seven ways in which you can save your taxes for the financial year.
MG eZS electric SUV will be introduced in December this year in India and it will be manufactured at the brand's base in Gujarat MG Motor India has announced that the all-electric eZS premium SUV will be manufactured at its Halol facility in Gujarat. One of t
Forbes said more women are creating new businesses and amassing fortunes than ever before, leading it to expand its ranking of the nations wealthiest self-made women to 80 ceiling crashers.
Michelin and General Motors presented a new generation of airless wheel technology for passenger vehicles. It's called the Uptis Prototype (or "Unique Punctureproof Tyre System") - at the Movin'On Summit for sustainable mobility. The joint research agreement 
Top upgrades for FY20E includes names like UPL, State Bank of India, Tata Motors and Tata Steel have seen EPS upgrades of 32.4 percent, 23.3 percent, and 9.3 percent respectively.
Airline consultancy firm CAPA says IndiGo alone could be on track to report a profit of $400-500 million.SpiceJet is strengthening and emerging as the clear number 2 airline in the market, says CAPA in a report
Other than Google and Reliance Jio who bagged the first and the second spot respectively, the list also features Vijay Shekhar Sharma founded digital payment platform Paytm as the third winner.
MG has started accepting bookings for the upcoming Hector SUV. Customers can also place their orders on the MG Motor website. The booking amount has been set at Rs. 50,000. The MG Hector is expected to ...
The top gainers from the NSE include Bharti Infratel, Indiabulls Housing Finance, Bharti Airtel, Vedanta and IndusInd Bank while the top losers are Dr Reddy's Labs, Cipla, Coal India, Reliance Industries and Adani Ports.
The DHFL scrip has lost one-fifth of its market value on stock exchanges in past three days.
Renault, whose longstanding alliance with Japan's Nissan is in trouble, expressed its "disappointment".
We have recently driven the all-new Hyundai Venue SUV that is being touted as India's first connected car. The Venue is currently one of the hottest and highly anticipated offerings in the sub-compact SUV territory that aims to disrupt the segment. In this re
Gold Prices Inch Up on Feds Rate Cut Remarks
The U.S. auto firm said it would end engine production at the Bridgend site in September 2020.
After a long history of falling down, struggling, and getting up again, followed by a failed merger with Daimler AG, there was nobody willing to help rescue Chrysler after the 2008 crises. That is, until the nearly broke and also struggling Italian FIAT Group
The FCA-Renault deal fell through after the French government decided to delay its decision on the matter - Overdrive
Aftermarket exhausts are a major nuisance to society. Police forces from various states have started taking strict actions on such motorcycles with aftermarket exhausts. While in many major cities, police action against such motorcycles includes seizing them 
Google is seeking to continue doing business with Huawei and has warned the Trump administration that it risks compromising national security if it moves ahead with a sweeping ban on the Chinese company, the Financial Times (FT) reported on Thursday.
Indiabulls Real Estate Ltd. has sold a portion of its promoter stake to Embassy Group Ltd., the companys Executive Director said.
The service, dubbed Walmart InHome, will first start in Pittsburgh, Kansas City, and Vero Beach, Florida
Eros International is the worst Big Board stock today but some options traders think it has hit a bottom
Uber and Ola, both backed by Softbank Group, would need to start converting their fleet as early as next year to achieve 2.5% electrification by 2021, 5% by 2022, 10% by 2023 before hiking it to 40%.
Meanwhile, Toyota aims to focus on premium and high-end segments.
A month after its IPO, two member of the companys C-suite are leaving.
L&T will have to shell out Rs 5,029.8 crore for the planned open offer.
While the Sensex shot up from 36,068 on 31 December 2018 to 39,529 on 6 June 2019, or 10%, companies have struggled to match that enthusiasm
Compass PoolsCompass Pools' new infinity pool is located on top of a London skyscraper.Compass Pools is designing an infinity pool that will sit atop a 55-story
The central bank said that the action is based on the deficiencies in regulatory compliance.The private sector lender was directed by RBI to submit details of the proposed course of action for complying with the permitted timeline for dilution of promoter sha
Stronger-than-expected labor market data will also be supportive for crude oil prices as it will improve the domestic demand outlook. Additionally, the U.S. may call off the implementation of tariffs against Mexico scheduled for Monday if the two parties reac
Past reports have suggested that the new blockchain-based money won't arrive until 2020. But according to The Information, the blue network could unveil its much-hyped cryptocurrency later this month, most likely on June 18th.
Bengaluru has the highest concentration of university colleges in India with 6.6 lakh students, of whom over 3 lakh require accommodation and almost 9
According to a media report, cab aggregators like Uber and Ola could be forced to convert 40% of their fleet to electric vehicles by April 2026.The government is reportedly in the process of framing new ...
Theres a good news for all those who frequently use The Real Time Gross Settlement System, also known as RTGS and National Electronic Funds Transfer or NEFT System to transfer money and do payments.
Will take up network expansion after three years to achieve this aspiration: CEO
Priya Sawhney is the co-founder of Direct Action Everywhere (DXE), an international grassroots network of animal rights activists founded in 2013 in the San Francisco Bay Area.
NBFC's liquidity is sensitive to market sentiment as their business models rely on short-term wholesale funding.
The companys first Mexican factory will employ 2,000 people and has the capacity to build 175,000 vehicles annually. It will produce the BMW 3 Series.
The two tech rivals are joining forces against a common cloud platform enemy.
Besides rate cut and change of stance, the Reserve Bank of India on Thursday announced some other major decisions that could impact you one way or the other. Here is a lowdown on what they mean for the banking sector. Quick recap
India Business News: A day after the central bank lowered its repo rate by 25 basis points, State Bank of India has become the first bank to link the cost of its home loan
Tata Motors today announced the launch of the next-generation range of Tata Ultra business utility vehicle (BUV) in Vietnam.
Ex-Paytm executive Sonia Dhawan has joined SHEROES, a women-only social community platform, as a Director of Communications.  In her new role at SHEROES, Sonia will be helping other technology companies and startups (associated with SHEROES) with their public
New generation Maruti Ertiga was launched less than 7 months ago, back in Nov 2018.
According to his father and industry seniors, Rishad, who holds an MBA from the Harvard Business School, has the qualities to meet the challenge.
The original February 12, 2018, circular had tightened the screws on those who missed loan repayments and scrapped all debt recast plans.
Holding a single white rose and wearing a sort of conference badge, Sawhney was from Direct Action Everywhere (DXE), an international grassroots network of animal rights activists founded in 2013 in the San Francisco Bay Area.
India is becoming the gold standard for monetary policy in Asia, if not the world.  While global markets are giddy from hints that the Federal Reserve may cut interest rates, Indias central bank has been easing since February. Just as important, the Reserv
Accommodative stance means that a rate increase is off the table, says the RBI Guv
Jio GigaFiber, the upcoming disruptor in the broadband industry has lowered its security deposit to Rs 2500. Reliance Jio has brought a new version of its optical network terminal (ONT) device "Gigahub Home Gateway" for Jio GigaFiber broadband service under t
Why RBI waived NEFT, RTGS charges: 10 things to know
A global ban advocated by US President Donald Trump would also delay the rollout of the high-speed 5G networks by at least 18 months and deprive the EU of around 45 bn euros in productivity growth
Wall St. rallies on hopes of U.S. rate cut, trade progress
A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that uses cryptography for security and is generally based on blockchain technology, a distributed ledger enforced by a disparate network of computers. Bitcoin is the most popular cryptocurrency in the world.
The fifth-generation Land Rover Discovery is now available with a 2.0-litre Ingenium diesel engine in India. It comes in four variants - S, SE, HSE and HSE Luxury with prices starting from Rs. 75.18 lakh ...
According to IRDAI, the mandatory third party (TP) motor insurance premium will now cost more, starting June 16. This move applies to both cars and two-wheelers. - Overdrive
Uber is testing a helicopter service in New York City, according to documents outlining the program obtained by Bloomberg.
Adani had bid boldly for the airports exceeding offers by GMR Group, countrys biggest airport manager.
FedEx said Friday it will discontinue a FedEx Express contract to carry Amazon packages in the U.S. domestic market after June 30.&nbsp;
Of the total mutual fund exposure to DHFL debt, Rs 4,323.14 crore are in debt schemes.
Goyal's travel firm Jet Air in mid-May wrote to Jet Airways to vacate its premises in Gurugram.
The ministry and Sebi Friday entered into a formal memorandum of understanding (MoU) for data exchange.
One of the biggest announcements since Kurian took over the companys realm has come in the form of its plan to acquire Looker for a $2.6 billion.
Growing tensions between the two world powers has seen China implement a more "aggressive" approach. It has given several licenses for 5G networks implementation.
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde warned on Saturday that the increasing presence of technology giants using big data and artificial intelligence could cause significant disruption to the world's financial system.
An era is ending at Wipro. Azim Premji, who transformed the cooking oil company his father started in 1945 into a $25 billion (Rs 1.8 lakh crore) global IT powerhouse Wipro, will retire as executive chairman next month (July). Premji has led Wipro for almost 
During the course of Urjit Patels tenure, the RBI repeatedly reminded the government about why it should be left alone to do its job
With the new tariff regime in place and increased DTH subscription costs, the OTT services and the video-on-demand platforms are all the craze right now. The industry has been seeing a grown affinity of the viewers towards these services and
Corporate governance, ethics, transparency, best of breed practices and all other fail-safe measures took a back seat in IL&FS case.The investigation team found a document in the email server of IL&FS prepared by the DHS Engagement, here are the details
(Kitco News) - The gold market is seeing its best weekly performance in more than a year and some analyst have said that the precious metal has enough momentum to break through critical long-term resistance in the near-term.
IRDAI's TP motor premiums are at least 15 percent cheaper for electric cars and bikes
Ford is closing its Bridgend engine factory in Wales due to declining demand for the gasoline engines it produces. That's a win for EV advocates but a bitter blow for the workers.
Current Sanofi SA CEO Olivier Brandicourt will leave the company to retire, said the source, who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
In order to safeguard the interests of the existing investors in its funds, UTI MF has introduced an exit load with immediate effect from June 07
How are different are two variants of the Maruti Baleno-based Toyota Glanza? We find out Toyota has launched the first product from its JV with Maruti Suzuki, the Glanza, in India at a starting price of Rs 7.22 lakh (ex-showroom). It is available in two varia
Against the backdrop of worsening trade conflicts, U.S. job creation slowed sharply in May, with hiring drying up in major industries and wage growth stagnating, the Labor Department reported Friday.
We have been urging our investors to increase allocation towards midcaps. We believe there must be a balanced approach as both types of flows will enter the market I.e. retail and institutional flows.
EUR/USD daily chart EUR/USD is trading in a bear trend below the 200 simple moving averages (SMAs). EUR/USD 4-hour chart Buyers are challenging 1.1320
Reliance Jio has reportedly reduced the security deposit of its connection in several cities. The reduced pricing also changes a couple of things included in the package.
President and CEO of computer networking firm Arista Networks Jayshree Ullal, co-founder of IT consulting and outsourcing firm Syntel Neerja Sethi and CTO and co-founder of streaming data technology company Confluent Neha Narkhede are in the list.
The 2019 Land Rover Discovery rivals the Mercedes-Benz GLS, Volvo XC-90, Jeep Grand Cherokee and the Land Rover Range Rover Sport - Overdrive
Thanks to a recent software upgrade, the Tesla Model 3 Long Range is now the "fastest charging electric car in the world" according to Top Gear.
The world's richest man, in a free-wheeling firechat at Amazon "re: Mars" event, said that he is very stubborn on big ideas.The good news is, he added, that at Amazon, "we still take risk all the time"
Stocks climb on trade, rate cut optimism; yuan falters
The RBI changed its stance to "accommodative" from "neutral" last week and cut interest rates for the third time in a row
Maruti Suzuki NEXA dealerships are offering special cash discounts and exchange benefits so as to increase sales during the month of June 2019.
The company said the orders fall under "large" category which ranges between Rs 2,500 crore and Rs 5,000 crore as per its classification of contracts.
The deal is expected to close in the third quarter, after which Tableau will operate independently.Seattle-based Tableau has more than 86,000 customers, including tech heavyweights such as Verizon Communications Inc and Netflix Inc
The announcement comes after Credit Analysis and Research Limited (CARE) downgraded the ratings assigned to the bank facilities of Eros International.
New Toyota Glanza has been launched for an introductory price of Rs 7.22 lakh (ex-showroom, Delhi) and is available in G MT, V MT, G CVT and V CVT variants.
According to a report in The New York Times, compared to Google, the news industry in the US made an estimated $5.1 billion from digital advertising.
A diversified portfolio, large asset base important; debt market experts recommend mid-rung performers, suggest not to go by past returns
Twin Star Overseas, promoters of the company, has removed 100 percent of the pledge on STL's shares with immediate effect
India Business News: Debt-ridden IL&FS is likely to file a contempt plea against 11 banks and financial entities and seek refund of about Rs 800 crore that was drawn out o
Chinas crude oil imports dropped in May from a monthly record in April, as Chinese refiners drastically reduced Iranian oil imports
The appellate tribunal also clarified that while declaring the results, votes of the absentees would not be counted in the total voting percentage
Bharti Airtel also cancelled $407 million of debt owed to it by Airtel Tanzania as part of the settlement.Bharti Airtel Executive Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal said he hoped would the deal would 'give a fresh start to the company'
Corporate India is feeling the pressure of slowdown across the board, said Vinit Sambre of DSP Investment Managers.As the euphoria from the election victory fades, the focus is shifting back to reality
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com recommends buying Hindustan Unilever with a stop loss of Rs 1835, target of Rs 1900 and Infosys with a stop loss of Rs 745, target of Rs 775.
Such unrealistic expectations and policies would only adversely affect the world's number one two/three-wheeler industry but may not help in making EVs acceptable to the customer and the market, Wadhera said.
A cut in leverage ratio implies that banks can lend more on the same capital base, says Orowealth Co-Founder Vijay Kuppa
The proposed ban, could prevent the two firms from auditing any listed or unlisted company for five years.
Hinduja halts negotiations, Etihad shelves plan to increase its investment.Abu Dhabi-based Etihad was earlier keen to save its investment in Jet Airways, but now that plan is on the back burner
Sunil Mittal-owned Bharti Airtel on Monday said that it has further upgraded its mobile network in the dense telecom market of Delhi NCR with the deployment of LTE 900 technology on the 900 Mhz spectrum.
Shares of TCS rose by 2.39 per cent to close at Rs 2,231.10, while those of RIL closed flat at Rs 1,318.85, up 0.27 per cent on the BSE.
All that happened in the markets today
The company has payment obligations exceeding Rs 2,000 crore coming up in June and July.
The sudden drop in DHFL bond prices has created an opportunity for investors.
Some big tech firms cut employees' access to Huawei, muddying 5G rollout
The RBI has issued a discussion paper on proposed guidelines for compensation in private banks which also specifies minimum variable pay component and clawback arrangements, among others
Singh also asked the banks and financial institutions to categorize renewable energy as a separate sector from power so that funds would flow to RE projects
Bengaluru-based Indian language knowledge sharing community Bolo has raised Rs 3 crore in seed funding led by Nexus Venture Partners.
The passenger carmakers have slowed down production, following the pile-up of unsold inventory worth an estimated Rs 35,000 crore. The vehicle sales have come down in the last few months due to high tax rates and shadow banking crisis.
A college intern from India was sentenced to 60 months in prison for providing tech support to a telemarketing scam that duped close to two dozen people of nearly a million dollars.
The company said it was well prepared for China's 5G commercial use. In February last year, it made the world's first 5G call and launched the first 5G terminal device
First units of the Mahindra Thar based Roxor SUV with automatic transmission are heading to dealerships across North America.
RIL has been lobbying the govt for years to permit private players to distribute subsidised cylinders.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday directed banks to offer to basic savings bank deposit (BSBD) account holders five services for free and without any requirement for maintaining minimum balance.
The mid-sized private lender had appointed Kumar, who had led state-run Syndicate Bank in the past, as its interim successor for a month till Ravneet Singh Gill from Deutsche Bank India took over from March 1.
Oil steady with supply tight, but U.S.-China trade war threatens demand
Shares of Anil Ambani-led Reliance Power fell about 24 per cent Monday after dismal results in the fourth quarter of FY19.
Recently, news broke out about a cheaper subscription to Jio GigaFibers Preview offer. Many subscribers have got a new connection for Rs 2,500 but with a slightly different router and change in data allowance.
Hero MotoCorp has been awarded BS6 certification for its Hero Splendor iSmart, becoming the first two-wheeler manufacturer in India to do so.
The Crisil report comes at a time when most banks are at the cusp of an end of the NPA pains after a prolonged period, and are concentrating on the resolution now.
Govt likely to clear allotment of blocks to successful bidders this week; The two rounds were initially estimated to attract investment worth Rs 80,000-90,000 cr
Proposing a mechanism that provides 'near absolute confidentiality along with appropriate safeguards', Sebi said it would help strengthen the mechanism for early detection of insider trading cases.
<p>The new Hyundai Elite i20 will be based on an updated platform.</p>
Former ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar today skipped her scheduled appearance before the Enforcement Directorate in a money laundering case probe, citing bad health, the officials said.
BHEL said the order received from MAHAGENCO envisages setting up a 50 MW SPV plant at Kaudgaon.The company has received an order from GNFC for setting up 10 MW SPV plant in Gujarat
Vodafone Idea keeps its No. 1 spot with its revenue market share rising for the first time after 10 quarters of decline: Analysts.
Strains within the alliance between Renault and Nissan increased today as the Japanese car maker criticised its French partner for failing to back its governance reforms. The tensions that have...
Kuehl will be replaced by Sinan Ozkok.
Under the project, the company will set up an integrated cement plant at Petnikote village in Kurnool district with a clinker capacity of 4 million tonne per annum (MTPA), 6 MTPA of cement, 60 mega watt of captive power plant and 15 mega watt of waste heat re
One-year forward price-earnings multiple has fallen from about 28 times a year ago to 21.6 times at present.The management has chalked out a strategy to introduce small-format stores to expand its distributor footprint
While United Technologies and Raytheon have some common customers, their business overlap is limited, an argument the companies plan to make once US antitrust regulators start scrutinizing the merger.
Gold Prices Fall as Global Trade Tensions Ease
During his policy review last week, RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das denied having received any SFIO investigative report on IL&FS --
Promoters of Sterlite Technologies have announced that they have removed their entire pledge on STL's shares.
A plea in Supreme Court alleged Indiabulls Housing Finance, its chairman and others siphoned investor money via shell companies.
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Ltd has informed stock exchanges about acquiring two brands.The approvals are expected to get completed in 30-45 days
Tata Sky Broadnad - The broadband services of Tata Sky include various plans starting Rs 999. These various plans also come with different validity period.
After Mondays trade, TCS market cap stood at Rs 8,37,198 crore, or over $120.49 billion, on the National Stock Exchange.
The layoffs, which happened at multiple levels, brought the companys headcount to 700
The new variant of the Dairy Milk chocolate will be introduced simultaneously in the UK and India.The new bar of chocolate that took over two years to develop and is set to hit the countrys top metros over the next few weeks
Closing to electrification Raji Bajaj, MD of Bajaj Auto Limited shows his concerns - Overdrive
Paytm has made representations to the RBI and discussed the issue with the Nandan Nilekani-led Committee on Deepening of Digital Payments, a top executive of the digital payments company said.
Some 500,000 passenger vehicles and three million 2-wheelers are gathering dust.
We are interested but can't do it alone, says Sanjay Viswanathan.
Pakistan is the new emerging market crisis brewing in Asia & the only hope for Imran Khan is opportunities created by the global trade wars.
The partners will invest as much as Rs 350 billion in three new projects on their gas block The projects are expected to develop a total of about 3 trillion
PriceWaterhouseCoopers resigned as Reliance Capital and Reliance Home Finances auditor effective on June 11. PwC said the company prevented it from exercising
Shares of Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd fell as much as 6.3 per cent to Rs 632.05, its lowest since February 20.The stock broke below a support at Rs 642.07, the 76.4 per cent Fibonacci projection le
The domestic currency finally settled at 69.44, higher by 21 paise from the previous close.
Says committed to meeting all debt servicing obligations in a timely manner
India News: The government had in 2015 announced that India will build 175 GW renewable energy capacity as part of its climate commitment. This envisaged 100 GW s
The Great Cars, Great Benefits campaign will cover models such as Tiago, Tigor, Nexon, Hexa and Safari Storme and will offer benefits upto Rs.86,000*, under the National Exchange Scheme.
Sales of passenger vehicles and medium and heavy commercial vehicles contracted 20.6% and 19.7%, respectively, in May, higher than 17.1% and 13.6% in April.Maruti Suzuki India, Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Skoda Auto and Honda Cars India have had to trim
India Business News: Narendra Modi, who recently won a second term as Prime Minister, is looking to overhaul the nations corporate governance system that allowed a string
DHFL said it has cleared interest of  961 crore due on NCDs, a week after it delayed payments and fanned fears of a liquidity crisis.Last week, rating agencies ICRA and CRISIL downgraded DHFL's commercial paper to their lowest level after it missed payments 
Aditya Birla Fashion acquires TG Apparel & Decor
USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.20 and 69.90, Motilal Oswal.
Apart from NBCC India, the Adani group also reportedly made an unsolicited, non-binding bid to acquire Jaypee Infratech
Such a move would take out two of the so-called Big Four and affect as many as 342 listed companies.
Provisional data indicated sales of just  4,700 crore in the nine months to Dec. 31.Patanjali's ambitions seem to have been hobbled by missteps
The new certification program will help organizations create IT teams of the future, Cisco announced at its Cisco Live event.
AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein, PoolTesla CEO Elon Musk.Tesla might enter the mining business as it seeks to ensure that it can make enough batteries for future
India Business News:  The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) suspects that a senior RBI officer may have had a role to play in IL&FS Financial Services (IFIN) viola
In a communication to banks, the RBI said the decision had been taken to provide an impetus to digital funds movement.
The agreement, announced at CES in Shanghai this week, will see the car brands adding Tmall Genie Auto technology into its cars so that people can use voice technology to complete tasks while driving.
Around 40 per cent of the companys revenue comes from the international market
The new FI variant of the Honda Activa 125 could command a premium of Rs 6,000 over the carb variant
Nokia CEO Rajeev Suri claims the company is winning two-thirds of contracts against rival Ericsson despite equipment delays.
The Sensex was down 193.65 points at 39,756.81, while Nifty was down 59.40 points at 11,906.20.
'We are very interested in India in terms of potential for the Uber Air market in the long run,' said Eric Allison.Last year, Uber had announced Los Angeles and Dallas as the two cities to begin piloting their aerial taxis
Yesterday, Salesforce announced its acquisition of Tableau at an enterprise value of approximately $15.7 billion. At 2018 revenue of $1.16 billion, Tableau acquisition was almost 13.5x. This is also a 31% premium over Tableaus $10.9 billion market capitaliza
The U.S. Federal Trade Commission on Tuesday said in a court filing that mobile chip supplier Qualcomm Inc should not be allowed to put a sweeping antitrust ruling against it on hold as it pursues an appeal.
Shares of Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd (IBHFL) dropped 8 per cent Tuesday following allegations of siphoning off Rs 98,000 crore of public money.The scrip plunged 7.97 per cent to close at Rs 674.65
Among the sectors, except metal all other indices are trading lower led by IT, pharma, auto, bank and infra.
The independent directors panel of Mindtree has said that Larsen and Toubros open offer price at Rs 980/share appears fair and reasonable.The committee cited the closing market price of Mindtree s
For the first time in 12 years the most valuable brand isn't a tech company.
Asia shares turn wary, U.S. inflation next hurdle
Mahindra Thar Signature Edition is ready for launch and brings with it changes to meet market requirement.
Vodafone Idea Limited has removed the entry-level postpaid plans of Rs 299 and below to boost its ARPU and concentrate on the users who generate revenue. As per a new report by ET Telecom, Idea postpaid customers who're currently on
Thanks to the joint venture between 22 Motors and Kymco, the iFlow gets IONEX batteries
We expect the Ertiga Cross to be about a lakh more than the regular top-spec Ertiga when it  - Overdrive
A report suggested that Eithad and Hinduja Group have shelved plans to invest in Jet Airways
Indian company Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd has secured an INR440 crore (USD64 million) order from Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd to erect the turbine generator islands for Kudankulam units 3 and 4.
Credit risk funds saw the highest drop of 11,800 folios in May.
Carlson, who reports directly to AWS CEO Andy Jassy and has been in India twice in recent times to explore the government's digital transformation initiatives.
WhatsApp has announced that any entity engaging or assisting in the sending of automated bulk messages will face a legal action from WhatsApp.
Ever since the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) implemented the new tariff regime, the DTH and cable service providers have been surrounded by issues. The new regulatory framework brought many new questions with it along with the new rules.
The managing director of Bajaj Auto has taken a hard stance against the government's proposal of making all three-wheelers go electric by 2023, and two-wheelers below 150 cc by 2025, saying it is unrealistic considering a large portion of the country is still
news, sports, opinion, entertainment, business, lifestyle, milestones, obituaries and weather for Fargo, ND
Apart from Brookfield, RIL chief Mukesh Ambani is likely to invest in Jios towers in his personal capacity.
The review for downgrade takes into account its expectation that the ongoing liquidity pressures will negatively impact the credit profile of Yes Bank, given the bank's sizeable exposure to weaker companies in the sector
Launched in August 2018, OYO Wizard, which recognises and rewards frequent customers, comes with unique benefits including guaranteed discounts, cashback, discount coupons, and upgrades.
S S Kim the MD of Hyundai Motor India said the government push towards electrification is a step in the right direction to solve the air pollution issue, however the government needs to give time to prepare for the proper implementation of the same.
The six-member panel will review the existing structures and patterns of costs, charges and interchange fees for ATM transactions, the RBI said June 11.
British consumer goods giant Reckitt Benckiser Group plc on Wednesday appointed PepsiCo executive Laxman Narasimhan as its chief
The resignations may have been sparked in part by social media chatter about remuneration and whether they could fulfil their roles.
India is seeking to ban Deloitte Haskins Sells and KPMG affiliate BSR & Associates for five years, alleging lapses in their audits of a unit of Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS), which the government took control of last year.
Sabharwal, a former defence personnel, is supposed to have cited personal reasons for resigning from the board.
Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan's old Mercedes-Benz S-Class 350 L luxury sedan has been put up for sale on OLX for a staggering asking price of just Rs 9.99 Lakh! Too good to be true?
Oil Prices Gets Boost From Increased Risk Appetite, WTI Closes in on $54
Trump has threatened Beijing with new tariffs on about $300 billion worth of Chinese goods.
FY2019 NOS Chairman-designate Rishad Premjis compensation up 9%; CFO Jatin Dalals rose 23%.
A class of drugs, called antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), are emerging and can possibly replace chemotherapy and its disruptive side effects.
Oil Prices Down as EIA Cuts Demand Growth Forecast, API Reports Jump in Stockpiles
With an independent distribution and after-sales service network, and a strong product pipeline, Kia refuses to live under the shadow of its more-powerful sister, Hyundai. But a shift in consumer preference to compact SUVs could dampen its plans.
Hero MotoCorp, Bajaj Auto and TVS Motor Company along with the apex lobby the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers have criticised the proposal in unison
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had previously set a deadline for the telecom operators to reduce the time taken to port a SIM from one operator to other down to two days. However, now the sector regulator has
Facebook wants to pay you for tracking your app data.
In addition, Moody's has affirmed the bank's short-term foreign and local currency bank deposit rating of NP.
According to the IndiGo's statement, the new flights are designed to cater to business and leisure travellers who are constantly on the lookout for new and affordable flying options.
VIL lost market share in 14 circles whereas JIO gained market share in these circles. Jios revenue market share is at 31.7% which is in striking distance
Todays price action suggests investors are banking on falling interest rates to weaken the U.S. Dollar further. So far this week, the dollar has remained steady against a basket of major currencies. If it suddenly weakens then gold prices could surge above l
Here are several suggestions for tech gifts that you can give to your dad for Father's Day 2019, which arrives on Sunday, June 16.
While mutual funds are a suitable investment tool for making short as well as long-term investments, there are certain factors every prospective women investor must consider.
Ducati has launched the Hypermotard 950 priced at Rs. 11.99 lakh (ex-showroom, India).The Hypermotard 950 is based on a tubular steel trellis frame. It has a wheelbase of 1,493 mm and the seat height is ...
April retail inflation was revised to 2.99%.The previous high in industrial growth was recorded at 8.4% in October 2018
Senior advocate A M Singhvi, appearing for the company, mentioned the matter for urgent listing before a vacation bench comprising justices Indira Banerjee and Ajay Rastogi.
Through this engagement, Infosys will drive the modernisation of Posti's IT applications and infrastructure.This will help Posti reduce costs, enhance efficiencies, and lay the foundation for the organisation
Recently, the company completed its stake sale in Aadhar Housing Finance to an entity backed by Blackstone Group LP
On Monday, CARE Ratings downgraded the company to issuer non-cooperating category as it had failed to provide information for monitoring of the rating.The default by Sintex follows the companys reporting a massive fall in its profit in Q4
Oil Sinks 4% on Crude Build; Bulls Nervously Eye U.S.-Iran Truce Bid
Online mutual fund investments platform, PaytmMoney, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of One97 Communications Limited (the company that owns and operatesPaytm), on Wednesday said that it has received the approval to offer National Pension System (NPS) on 
Indonesian startup Go-Jek, diversifying away from its roots in ride-hailing to food delivery, courier and hairdresser services,
Of these 1,142, PNB has so far initiated recovery proceedings by filing suits against 1,108 defaulters to recover Rs 23,879.8 crore
The order for wide-body aircraft, which could also include a number of smaller A320-family narrow-body aircraft, may be announced at the Paris Airshow.
Here's a look at the few stocks that may remain in focus today -
Following the US ban of Chinese gear maker Huawei, the two countries are on trade war path with the latter threatening to take counteract measures against the US-based companies.
25% of the production is based outside of China and the company can adjust to the US market.
The previous high in industrial growth was recorded at 8.4 per cent in October 2018.
Hiroto Saikawa says partners must stabilise and reinforce 20-year alliance
The breadth of the market favoured the declines as 812 stocks advanced and 927 declined while 358 remained unchanged on the NSE. On the BSE, 1072 stocks advanced, 1381 declined and 152 remained unchanged.
2019 Tata Tigor will come with cosmetic updates and interior revisions while the petrol engines could get BSVI compliance Tata Motors launched the Tigor in early 2017 and it has endured decent success for the brand. However, in recent months, its popularity h
Of over 50,000 frauds that hit banks in India in the last 11 fiscal years, the ICICI Bank, State Bank of India (SBI) and HDFC Bank reported highest number of cases, according to an RBI data.
IL&Fs enjoyed high ratings from rating cos due to window-dressing of the company's books, the probe has found.
Telegram did not immediately respond to a request for more details on the attack.
The project has to be completed within a year of the commencement of the contract with the RBI.
Fixed deposit (FD) is a fixed income instrument that yield fixed returns over a pre-defined period of lock-in.
Bengaluru-based bus ticketing platform redBus has announced the launch of its carpooling service rPool which will allow office commuters to
The forecast made at Tesla's annual meeting provided a ray of hope amid worries .Tesla's production and sales slipped during the first three months of this year
With a peak speed of 80 km per hour, and a maximum payload of five kg, Zomato's drone was able to cover a distance of five km in 10 minutes.
The advanced technology aims to save traction energy cost, thereby reducing fuel expenses and carbon emissions.
About 3 million shares changed hands, compared with the 30-day average of 3.2 million shares.
Uber Technologies said it will use Australia's second-largest city, Melbourne, as the first international test site for the group's planned flying taxi service.
PWC has put in its resignation, with effect from June 11, 2019, citing unsatisfactory response to "certain observations" made by it as a part of the ongoing audit for fiscal 2018-19, the two companies said in their respective regulatory filings to stock excha
The maximum personal income tax rate presently stands at 30 per cent.
The lender has reduced its one-year MCLR or the minimum lending rate to 8.95 percent.
Independent directors on company boards will soon have to clear an exam before they can be appointed, said Injeti Srinivas, the top bureaucrat in charge of corporate affairs.
Catch all the live updates on share prices, index moves, corporate announcements and more from Sensex and Nifty today.
Mr Narasimhan joins Reckitt at a time the company is struggling with slower growth, little pricing power and changing consumer habits.
MCA may invoke Section 447 of Companies Act to slap penalty and suspend some of the rating agencies
The aim of the merger had been to create the second largest European steel company behind multinational giant ArcelorMittal
The country's largest bank SBI charges between Rs 1 and Rs 5 for transactions through NEFT and between Rs 5 and Rs 50 for RTGS route
Mark Zuckerberg's sister Randi Zuckerberg won two Tony Awards for her Broadway Musicals and to congratulate her, he posted a note on Facebook.
These BISLs are located in Delhi, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai and Raipur.
In an interaction with journalists from Times of India, Vikram Kirloskar, president of industry lobby group CII, observed that the trust deficit between government and industry is at an all-time high. Consequently, the compliance burden...
Online wholesale marketplace for food and groceries, Jumbotail has raised Rs 90 crore in its Series B round led by Heron Rock.
According to employees, suppliers, distributors and consumers, Patanjali's ambitions have been hobbled by missteps.
Firm has shed 71% in the last one year, underperforming the Sensexs 11.39% gain.Airlines total liability, including unpaid salaries and vendor dues, is nearly  15,000 crore
The union will jump the queue ahead of secured creditors if Jet Airways heads to liquidation.If Jet is admitted to the NCLT, lenders may recover fraction of the  8,400 cr the airline owes them
LG Electronics, regulators oppose Qualcomm's effort to put antitrust ruling on hold
- Overdrive
Shares of Broadcom Inc plunged 6.83% after it cut its full-year revenue forecast by $2 billion.
Shared office space manager WeWork Cos is exploring a deal to take majority control of its affiliate WeWork India ahead of the
The Roy couple has also been barred from holding a board or key managerial position at any other listed company for one year, SEBI said while coming down heavily on them and RRPR Holdings Pvt Ltd for what it termed as violation of various regulations by keepi
At the interbank foreign exchange (forex) market, the domestic currency opened higher at 69.55 per dollar, but lost ground during the day and fell to 69.85. The rupee finally settled at 69.80, down 30 paise over its previous close.
Gold Prices Up on Rate Cut Expectations; Gains Capped by Rebound in U.S. Stocks
Demand slump in both urban and rural markets led to a year-on-year decline of 8.6% in sales of two-wheelers.Customers decision to wait for the general elections results before making a big-ticket purchase, also contributed to the demand slowdown
With Huawei's Android license in jeopardy, it's good to know that EMUI 10 based on Android Q is nearly complete. Here's a first look on the Huawei P30 Pro.
Facebook India has invested in Bengaluru-based social commerce startup Meesho. While the amount has not been disclosed by the company, it is a minor stake that Facebook has picked up. This is Facebooks second investment in an Indian startup after it acquired
In yet another surprising event this month, a settlement has taken place. Settlement between GOQii and Flipkart by consistently enagaging to resolve issues.
Kapoor says he has voted in favour of all 19 resolutions at the banks annual general meeting Wednesday.His comments follow media reports that said the banks former chief executive officer was attempting to make a comeback
Gold Prices Rise to 1-Week High as Fed Cut Expectations Support
OPEC brought its oil production down to 29.876 million barrels per day in May according to the latest edition of OPECs Monthly Oil Market Report (MOMR) released on Thursday
The Nifty50 which formed a Bearish Belt Hold kind of pattern on the daily charts recorded a bearish candle on the weekly chart for the second consecutive week in a row.
China's May industrial output growth cools to 17-year low as trade war escalates
UV Asset Reconstruction Co. Ltd (UVARCL) has initiated talks; move contradicts DoT stance that only govt can sell airwaves.
"I did dream of being a cricketer like so many Indians."
Home to 1.3 Bn people, India has always had ample and willing labour. The latest use case of the gig
Maruti Ignis facelift will get U-shaped front grille inspired from Vitara Brezza alongside silver skid plate on the lower bumper In late February 2019, Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) updated the Ignis and priced between Rs. 4.79 lakh for the entry-level S
India is the world's biggest importer of edible oils. Its refined palm oil imports in May jumped to 371,060 tonnes from 238,479 tonnes in April, the Solvent Extractors' Association (SEA) said in a letter to Modi.
Adani Gas, an arm of Adani Group, operates a distribution pipeline network of over 6,000 km and caters to nearly 350,000 retail customers, the report said.
The cards, used mainly by consumers who have little credit history or a poor one, havent been widely adopted. Amazon is now offering one.
Tosymra and Zembrace were designed to addressing unmet needs of large segments of patients suffering from episodic migraine.
Building a positive image?
Jio GigaFiber Preview Offer is available only in places where the Jio GigaFiber lines have been laid out and the service has been activated.
The index formed a Bearish Belt Hold kind of pattern on the daily charts while a bearish candle on the weekly charts for the second consecutive week in a row.
India is not a nanny state, says Hardeep Singh Puri
The deceased, Anju Suthar and Shamkar Chaudhary, both aged 21, were allegedly in a relationship before the woman got married sometime ago.
Volvo and Uber have unveiled a jointly developed production-ready autonomous car. Along with built-in safety features, the XC90 SUV uses Ubers self-driving system.Uber plans to deploy these cars as an ...
Nearly 40 auditors including Deloitte, KPMG, EY have been asked to give hard copies, cloud access.
The 50-year-old Indian-origin executive, who has been Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of ThyssenKrupp Steel Europe AG since 2015, will take charge as the Chairman of the Executive Board of the company.
Amazons two-year-old Instagram competitor, Amazon Spark, is no more. Hoping to capitalize on the social shopping trend and tap into the power of online influencers, Amazon in 2017 launched its own take on Instagram with a shoppable feed of stories and photos
Papa John's International Inc said on Friday it dismissed KPMG LLP as its financial auditor and appointed Ernst & Young LLP, which served as its bookkeeper from 1990 to 2017, to handle its accounts for the fiscal year ending December 2019, according to a regu
We are expecting massive footfall anyway. The offers are just to add to all the excitement, said Pramode Bhandari, area sales manager at The Park Kolkata.
Wholesale inflation cools further in May even as Indias consumer price index rose to a seven-month high.
The Kia Seltos will make its debut in India on June 20, 2019
The removal of a tax on Chinese bifacial solar panels shook up the market a bit this week, and created a buying opportunity in U.S. solar
Its largest acquisition yet, will enable Hexaware to compete for large digital transformation projects
MG Hector is the countrys first Internet Car with the ability to receive and execute over 90 voice commands.
Litecoin, which has gained more than 330% since the beginning of the year, is outpacing all its crypto peers
All SUVs except the Tata Hexa registered a drop in month on month sales Month-on-month (MoM) demand for the Tucson falls highest followed by XUV500, Compass and Harrier. Tata commands around 48 per cent market share in the space thanks to the Harrier and Hexa
Since his arrival, Chandrasekaran has increased integrations between Tata Group companies. Still, he sees room for more.
Amid ongoing trouble around IL&FS and debt defaults, SEBI Thursday issued new disclosure framework for credit rating agencies (CRAs).
The biotechnology major has received the certificate for its biologics drug product and drug substance facilities at Biocon Park, Bengaluru, the company said in a filing to BSE.
According to a media report, Uber has launched the Bajaj Qute quadricycle in its new UberXS category. The new category has been introduced on the Uber App from June 13, 2019. Initially, it will only be ...
Flurry of resignations in sectors such as real estate, infra and NBFCs are likely to come in next few months.
These announcements come at a time when suspension of flights by Jet Airways has led to additional demand in the country's civil aviation market
The management has indicated that the bank's exposure of 1.9 per cent to stressed groups is expected to come down in the coming quarters.
<p>Maruti Suzuki has updated the 1.2-litre versions of the Wagon R for BS VI compliance.</p>
If you dont change your mind frequently, youre going to be wrong a lot. People who are right a lot want to disconfirm their fundamental biases , said Jeff at the event.
Ola is set to launch an Advanced Technology Center in the Bay Area of San Francisco. The company will hire 150 engineers across Artificial Intelligence, Machine
Huawei Australia's chairman has declared the company is "here to stay" and expressed his hope of eventually overcoming the government's ban on the Chinese tel...
Developed by TechEagle Innovations, which was acquired by Zomato last year, the drone was able to cover a distance of 5 km, in about ten minutes, at a peak speed of 80 km per hour, carrying a payload of 5kg.
Honda will likely launch the upcoming Honda Activa 6G with an updated BS VI compliant engine at the 2020 Auto Expo The Honda Activa is the best selling scooter in India that tops the sales chart every month. We have reported earlier that Honda has started tes
Social networking giant Facebook is all set to unveil its much-talked-about cryptocurrency Libra next week, as per latest report
KUALA LUMPUR, June 14  Instagramwent out of service early this morning, with users complaining that the mobile app would not refresh, while loading up the website on a browser resulted in a Sorry, something went wrong message along with Facebooks logo in
The Maruti Suzuki Ciaz is the best-selling model in the mid-size sedan segment in India. It takes on the likes of the Honda City, Toyota Yaris, Hyundai Verna, Skoda Rapid and Volkswagen Vento in the market. Because of the high demand, the waiting period on th
The name Hector refers to the Royal Hector biplane which was used by the Royal Air Force (UK) in the 1930s. MG Hector comes with all the bells and whistles. With features like voice assist which literally converts all the manual work to voice command, i-sma
To win a OnePlus 7 smartphone, Alexa users need to enable the OnePlus Alexa skill on their smartphones or their smart speakers and answer seven questions correctly until June 30.
India Business News: The market research initiative, called 'Study' is a programme that FB is introducing to legally seek information about users' internet browsing and ap
The Digital Communications Commission (DCC) -- the apex decision-making body of the Telecom Department -- Thursday cleared norms for 5G trials in India, even as the government mulls a  "calibrated" view on the question of Chinese giant Huawei's participation.
The S&P BSE Sensex touched an intra-day low of 39,461 levels while the Nifty50 drifted to 11,817 levels during the day before staging a limited recovery. Banking stocks were among the key losers
Prominent private and public provident funds like Infosys Ltd PF, Hewlett-Packard Global Ltd PF, The Times of India PF, the Postal Life Insurance Fund, the NPS Trust, and the Army Group Insurance Fund are exposed to non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of IL&FS 
China hikes anti-dumping duties on some U.S., EU steel tubes and pipes
The US Trade Representative's Office denied both requests in May 29 letters, saying they both concern 'a product strategically important or related to 'Made in China 2025' or other Chinese industrial programs.'
The company added that the financial results will be presented to the board of directors on July 12 for their approval.
Amazon is now providing the same APIs, tools, security and AI and ML capabilities to enterprises on their premises as with the Cloud customers.AWS offers several fully managed database services like Amazon Aurora, RDS, Redshift, DynamoDB and DocumentDB, to na
The writ petition filed in the Supreme Court (SC) against Indiabulls Housing Finance and its group chairman Sameer Gehlaut by shareholder Abhay Yadav has been withdrawn, the company said on Thursday.
Despite governments plan to electrify entire two-wheeler fleet upto 150cc by 2025, the country's second largest manufacturer Honda Motorcycle and Scooters India (HMSI) have decided to give it miss at least till 2020.
Kia Seltos will boast a number of premium features including a 10.25-inch touchscreen infotainment system, wireless charging, etc Kia Motors India will be debuting in the domestic market with the Seltos. The premium SUV has already been spotted testing severa
Maruti Ignis facelift will get U-shaped front grille inspired from Vitara Brezza alongside silver skid plate on the lower bumper In late February 2019, Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) updated the Ignis and priced between Rs. 4.79 lakh for the entry-level S
Honda will likely launch the upcoming Honda Activa 6G with an updated BS VI compliant engine at the 2020 Auto Expo The Honda Activa is the best selling scooter in India that tops the sales chart every month. We have reported earlier that Honda has started tes
All SUVs except the Tata Hexa registered a drop in month on month sales Month-on-month (MoM) demand for the Tucson falls highest followed by XUV500, Compass and Harrier. Tata commands around 48 per cent market share in the space thanks to the Harrier and Hexa
MG Hector is the countrys first Internet Car with the ability to receive and execute over 90 voice commands.
Jio GigaFiber Preview Offer is available only in places where the Jio GigaFiber lines have been laid out and the service has been activated.
The Roy couple has also been barred from holding a board or key managerial position at any other listed company for one year, SEBI said while coming down heavily on them and RRPR Holdings Pvt Ltd for what it termed as violation of various regulations by keepi
With Huawei's Android license in jeopardy, it's good to know that EMUI 10 based on Android Q is nearly complete. Here's a first look on the Huawei P30 Pro.
We are expecting massive footfall anyway. The offers are just to add to all the excitement, said Pramode Bhandari, area sales manager at The Park Kolkata.
The index formed a Bearish Belt Hold kind of pattern on the daily charts while a bearish candle on the weekly charts for the second consecutive week in a row.
Amazons two-year-old Instagram competitor, Amazon Spark, is no more. Hoping to capitalize on the social shopping trend and tap into the power of online influencers, Amazon in 2017 launched its own take on Instagram with a shoppable feed of stories and photos
UV Asset Reconstruction Co. Ltd (UVARCL) has initiated talks; move contradicts DoT stance that only govt can sell airwaves.
Kia Seltos will boast a number of premium features including a 10.25-inch touchscreen infotainment system, wireless charging, etc Kia Motors India will be debuting in the domestic market with the Seltos. The premium SUV has already been spotted testing severa
The Maruti Suzuki Ciaz is the best-selling model in the mid-size sedan segment in India. It takes on the likes of the Honda City, Toyota Yaris, Hyundai Verna, Skoda Rapid and Volkswagen Vento in the market. Because of the high demand, the waiting period on th
Nearly 40 auditors including Deloitte, KPMG, EY have been asked to give hard copies, cloud access.
Papa John's International Inc said on Friday it dismissed KPMG LLP as its financial auditor and appointed Ernst & Young LLP, which served as its bookkeeper from 1990 to 2017, to handle its accounts for the fiscal year ending December 2019, according to a regu
India is not a nanny state, says Hardeep Singh Puri
The removal of a tax on Chinese bifacial solar panels shook up the market a bit this week, and created a buying opportunity in U.S. solar
Demand slump in both urban and rural markets led to a year-on-year decline of 8.6% in sales of two-wheelers.Customers decision to wait for the general elections results before making a big-ticket purchase, also contributed to the demand slowdown
Its largest acquisition yet, will enable Hexaware to compete for large digital transformation projects
Shares of Broadcom Inc plunged 6.83% after it cut its full-year revenue forecast by $2 billion.
The 50-year-old Indian-origin executive, who has been Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of ThyssenKrupp Steel Europe AG since 2015, will take charge as the Chairman of the Executive Board of the company.
The company added that the financial results will be presented to the board of directors on July 12 for their approval.
The name Hector refers to the Royal Hector biplane which was used by the Royal Air Force (UK) in the 1930s. MG Hector comes with all the bells and whistles. With features like voice assist which literally converts all the manual work to voice command, i-sma
At the interbank foreign exchange (forex) market, the domestic currency opened higher at 69.55 per dollar, but lost ground during the day and fell to 69.85. The rupee finally settled at 69.80, down 30 paise over its previous close.
Social networking giant Facebook is all set to unveil its much-talked-about cryptocurrency Libra next week, as per latest report
According to a media report, Uber has launched the Bajaj Qute quadricycle in its new UberXS category. The new category has been introduced on the Uber App from June 13, 2019. Initially, it will only be ...
<p>Maruti Suzuki has updated the 1.2-litre versions of the Wagon R for BS VI compliance.</p>
The Nifty50 which formed a Bearish Belt Hold kind of pattern on the daily charts recorded a bearish candle on the weekly chart for the second consecutive week in a row.
In yet another surprising event this month, a settlement has taken place. Settlement between GOQii and Flipkart by consistently enagaging to resolve issues.
The Digital Communications Commission (DCC) -- the apex decision-making body of the Telecom Department -- Thursday cleared norms for 5G trials in India, even as the government mulls a  "calibrated" view on the question of Chinese giant Huawei's participation.
Shared office space manager WeWork Cos is exploring a deal to take majority control of its affiliate WeWork India ahead of the
China's May industrial output growth cools to 17-year low as trade war escalates
The biotechnology major has received the certificate for its biologics drug product and drug substance facilities at Biocon Park, Bengaluru, the company said in a filing to BSE.
The cards, used mainly by consumers who have little credit history or a poor one, havent been widely adopted. Amazon is now offering one.
The management has indicated that the bank's exposure of 1.9 per cent to stressed groups is expected to come down in the coming quarters.
Wholesale inflation cools further in May even as Indias consumer price index rose to a seven-month high.
India is the world's biggest importer of edible oils. Its refined palm oil imports in May jumped to 371,060 tonnes from 238,479 tonnes in April, the Solvent Extractors' Association (SEA) said in a letter to Modi.
Tosymra and Zembrace were designed to addressing unmet needs of large segments of patients suffering from episodic migraine.
Flurry of resignations in sectors such as real estate, infra and NBFCs are likely to come in next few months.
Adani Gas, an arm of Adani Group, operates a distribution pipeline network of over 6,000 km and caters to nearly 350,000 retail customers, the report said.
"I did dream of being a cricketer like so many Indians."
The Kia Seltos will make its debut in India on June 20, 2019
Prominent private and public provident funds like Infosys Ltd PF, Hewlett-Packard Global Ltd PF, The Times of India PF, the Postal Life Insurance Fund, the NPS Trust, and the Army Group Insurance Fund are exposed to non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of IL&FS 
Gold Prices Up on Rate Cut Expectations; Gains Capped by Rebound in U.S. Stocks
These announcements come at a time when suspension of flights by Jet Airways has led to additional demand in the country's civil aviation market
China hikes anti-dumping duties on some U.S., EU steel tubes and pipes
KUALA LUMPUR, June 14  Instagramwent out of service early this morning, with users complaining that the mobile app would not refresh, while loading up the website on a browser resulted in a Sorry, something went wrong message along with Facebooks logo in
Litecoin, which has gained more than 330% since the beginning of the year, is outpacing all its crypto peers
Building a positive image?
Home to 1.3 Bn people, India has always had ample and willing labour. The latest use case of the gig
If you dont change your mind frequently, youre going to be wrong a lot. People who are right a lot want to disconfirm their fundamental biases , said Jeff at the event.
OPEC brought its oil production down to 29.876 million barrels per day in May according to the latest edition of OPECs Monthly Oil Market Report (MOMR) released on Thursday
The writ petition filed in the Supreme Court (SC) against Indiabulls Housing Finance and its group chairman Sameer Gehlaut by shareholder Abhay Yadav has been withdrawn, the company said on Thursday.
Kapoor says he has voted in favour of all 19 resolutions at the banks annual general meeting Wednesday.His comments follow media reports that said the banks former chief executive officer was attempting to make a comeback
Since his arrival, Chandrasekaran has increased integrations between Tata Group companies. Still, he sees room for more.
India Business News: The market research initiative, called 'Study' is a programme that FB is introducing to legally seek information about users' internet browsing and ap
The US Trade Representative's Office denied both requests in May 29 letters, saying they both concern 'a product strategically important or related to 'Made in China 2025' or other Chinese industrial programs.'
Gold Prices Rise to 1-Week High as Fed Cut Expectations Support
Developed by TechEagle Innovations, which was acquired by Zomato last year, the drone was able to cover a distance of 5 km, in about ten minutes, at a peak speed of 80 km per hour, carrying a payload of 5kg.
Facebook India has invested in Bengaluru-based social commerce startup Meesho. While the amount has not been disclosed by the company, it is a minor stake that Facebook has picked up. This is Facebooks second investment in an Indian startup after it acquired
- Overdrive
Amid ongoing trouble around IL&FS and debt defaults, SEBI Thursday issued new disclosure framework for credit rating agencies (CRAs).
To win a OnePlus 7 smartphone, Alexa users need to enable the OnePlus Alexa skill on their smartphones or their smart speakers and answer seven questions correctly until June 30.
Ola is set to launch an Advanced Technology Center in the Bay Area of San Francisco. The company will hire 150 engineers across Artificial Intelligence, Machine
The S&P BSE Sensex touched an intra-day low of 39,461 levels while the Nifty50 drifted to 11,817 levels during the day before staging a limited recovery. Banking stocks were among the key losers
The deceased, Anju Suthar and Shamkar Chaudhary, both aged 21, were allegedly in a relationship before the woman got married sometime ago.
Volvo and Uber have unveiled a jointly developed production-ready autonomous car. Along with built-in safety features, the XC90 SUV uses Ubers self-driving system.Uber plans to deploy these cars as an ...
Amazon is now providing the same APIs, tools, security and AI and ML capabilities to enterprises on their premises as with the Cloud customers.AWS offers several fully managed database services like Amazon Aurora, RDS, Redshift, DynamoDB and DocumentDB, to na
Huawei Australia's chairman has declared the company is "here to stay" and expressed his hope of eventually overcoming the government's ban on the Chinese tel...
Despite governments plan to electrify entire two-wheeler fleet upto 150cc by 2025, the country's second largest manufacturer Honda Motorcycle and Scooters India (HMSI) have decided to give it miss at least till 2020.
At Amazons re:Mars conference last week, the company rolled out Alexa Conversations in preview. Conversations is a module within the Alexa Skills Kit that stitches together Alexa voice apps into experiences that help you accomplish complex tasks. Alexa Conve
A custom Royal Enfield Himalayan takes on a more off roading stance as it heads to Mangalore for a rally event.
The custom Interceptor 650 features a new aftermarket LED headlamp, custom seat, knobby tyres and an aftermarket exhaust We have already said this before that Royal Enfield motorcycles are the easiest platforms for the custom bike makers to work their magic o

Asus has introduced refreshes of the Vivobook 14 and Vivobook 15 in the Indian market. Both the Vivobooks feature Intel Whiskey Lake processors and offer NVIDIA GeForce MX230/MX250 GPU options as well. A backlit keyboard and a Windows Hello-compliant fingerpr
<p>Read below to learn more about latest happenings in the week that went by </p>
None
India Business News: Indias fuel demand in May was unchanged from a year earlier, preliminary government data showed on Saturday, indicating a continued slowdown in vario
By high growth I mean 7% plus and that is not possible without focus on growth, he said.
While vehicle registrations in May 2019 were highest in UP, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, registration in Gujarat dipped 17.8 percent.
A leaked internal document from the company suggests that only 700 units of the model will be built, each featuring a special plaque with a signature of Anand Mahindra on it.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) promoted Rabi N Mishra, who was the principal chief general manager of the bank's risk management department, as its executive director (ED).
Currently, there is no non-stop service from Delhi to Nairobi and Bali while Air Canada flies daily to Toronto
All SUVs in the compact SUV segment saw a negative MoM (month-on-month) growth in May 2019 Creta sales dip below the 10,000 mark. Scorpio sees negative MoM growth of around 11 per cent. S-Cross loses more than 12 per cent market share. Dusters market share 
Maruti Ignis facelift will get U-shaped front grille inspired from Vitara Brezza alongside silver skid plate on the lower bumper In late February 2019, Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) updated the Ignis and priced between Rs. 4.79 lakh for the entry-level S
Ford is offering massive discounts on their best-selling vehicles in the Indian market during this month Ford India announced its partnership with Mahindra to develop next-generation models. Currently, the slow-moving market has forced the manufacturers to of
The Kia Seltos design is inspired by the SP2i concept.
The tech giant has picked a minority stake in Meesho, a commerce app that connects small sellers with customers on social media platforms.
Honda will likely launch the upcoming Honda Activa 6G with an updated BS VI compliant engine at the 2020 Auto Expo The Honda Activa is the best selling scooter in India that tops the sales chart every month. We have reported earlier that Honda has started tes
All SUVs except the Tata Hexa registered a drop in month on month sales Month-on-month (MoM) demand for the Tucson falls highest followed by XUV500, Compass and Harrier. Tata commands around 48 per cent market share in the space thanks to the Harrier and Hexa
Ministry feels that below-cost tariffs are unhealthy when the telcos are undertaking network expansion, source said.
This is the first time the Jet Airways founder is summoned for alleged irregularities in the company.
Jio GigaFiber Preview Offer is available only in places where the Jio GigaFiber lines have been laid out and the service has been activated.
According to media reports, the US Department of Justice is preparing to open a case against Google for potential anti-trust violations
The Roy couple has also been barred from holding a board or key managerial position at any other listed company for one year, SEBI said while coming down heavily on them and RRPR Holdings Pvt Ltd for what it termed as violation of various regulations by keepi
With Huawei's Android license in jeopardy, it's good to know that EMUI 10 based on Android Q is nearly complete. Here's a first look on the Huawei P30 Pro.
Amazons two-year-old Instagram competitor, Amazon Spark, is no more. Hoping to capitalize on the social shopping trend and tap into the power of online influencers, Amazon in 2017 launched its own take on Instagram with a shoppable feed of stories and photos
Papa John's International Inc said on Friday it dismissed KPMG LLP as its financial auditor and appointed Ernst & Young LLP, which served as its bookkeeper from 1990 to 2017, to handle its accounts for the fiscal year ending December 2019, according to a regu
India is not a nanny state, says Hardeep Singh Puri
Amazon will now allow developers to offer premium content for purchase in Alexa skills aimed at children. The company on Friday introduced new tools for building skills with in-app purchases that requires the Amazon account holder  typically mom or dad  to 
The removal of a tax on Chinese bifacial solar panels shook up the market a bit this week, and created a buying opportunity in U.S. solar
Inflation in food articles basket was at 6.99%, down from 7.37% in April
HDFC had sold 6.10 per cent stake Gruh earlier in May
Its largest acquisition yet, will enable Hexaware to compete for large digital transformation projects
Shares of Broadcom Inc plunged 6.83% after it cut its full-year revenue forecast by $2 billion.
The 50-year-old Indian-origin executive, who has been Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of ThyssenKrupp Steel Europe AG since 2015, will take charge as the Chairman of the Executive Board of the company.
The bank does not consider the crisis plaguing the shadow banks are grave as only one or two of them are severely impacted, said a top bank official.
Tata Comm said this decision to divest was taken in line with the strategy to evolve the business portfolio by focussing on offering digital infrastructure services through the Growth and Innovation Services portfolio, complementing an asset light growth mod
At the interbank foreign exchange (forex) market, the domestic currency opened higher at 69.55 per dollar, but lost ground during the day and fell to 69.85. The rupee finally settled at 69.80, down 30 paise over its previous close.
For an expected price range of Rs 15-20 lakh (ex-showroom), the MG Hector offers a lot of SUV.
Social networking giant Facebook is all set to unveil its much-talked-about cryptocurrency Libra next week, as per latest report
According to a media report, Uber has launched the Bajaj Qute quadricycle in its new UberXS category. The new category has been introduced on the Uber App from June 13, 2019. Initially, it will only be ...
<p>Maruti Suzuki has updated the 1.2-litre versions of the Wagon R for BS VI compliance.</p>
The deal, if finalized, would be carried out part cash and part stock, and is expected to be completed as early as August.
GOQii, a seller of smartwatch-type health devices, sued Flipkart last month, alleging its devices were discounted by around 70% to the retail price, much more than the two sides had agreed.The court had, as an interim measure, ordered device sales to be halte
The Digital Communications Commission (DCC) -- the apex decision-making body of the Telecom Department -- Thursday cleared norms for 5G trials in India, even as the government mulls a  "calibrated" view on the question of Chinese giant Huawei's participation.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is the world's richest man and recently at a conference he gave out certain tips and advice about being successful. Bezos was speaking at the Mars conference in Las Vegas and was asked for simple business advice. As per a report by Fast 
China's May industrial output growth cools to 17-year low as trade war escalates
The Sensex was down 289.29 points at 39,452.07, while Nifty was down 90.70 points at 11,823.30.
Addressing the annual general meeting of TCS, the cash-cow of the salt-to-software conglomerate Chandrasekaran said group companies work at an arm's length and there is full transparency, but exhorted the need to work together more.
The management has indicated that the bank's exposure of 1.9 per cent to stressed groups is expected to come down in the coming quarters.
Tosymra and Zembrace were designed to addressing unmet needs of large segments of patients suffering from episodic migraine.
Flurry of resignations in sectors such as real estate, infra and NBFCs are likely to come in next few months.
Adani Gas, an arm of Adani Group, operates a distribution pipeline network of over 6,000 km and caters to nearly 350,000 retail customers, the report said.
India is the seventh country globally where Amazon has introduced this programme
"I did dream of being a cricketer like so many Indians."
The Kia Seltos will make its debut in India on June 20, 2019
Prominent private and public provident funds like Infosys Ltd PF, Hewlett-Packard Global Ltd PF, The Times of India PF, the Postal Life Insurance Fund, the NPS Trust, and the Army Group Insurance Fund are exposed to non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of IL&FS 
Bond yields slip, stocks suffer on cooling China data
These announcements come at a time when suspension of flights by Jet Airways has led to additional demand in the country's civil aviation market
KUALA LUMPUR, June 14  Instagramwent out of service early this morning, with users complaining that the mobile app would not refresh, while loading up the website on a browser resulted in a Sorry, something went wrong message along with Facebooks logo in
Facebook has made an equity investment in Meesho, as the technology major looks to facilitate entrepreneurship among women. This is Facebook's first such financial investment in a domestic startup.
OPEC brought its oil production down to 29.876 million barrels per day in May according to the latest edition of OPECs Monthly Oil Market Report (MOMR) released on Thursday
The writ petition filed in the Supreme Court (SC) against Indiabulls Housing Finance and its group chairman Sameer Gehlaut by shareholder Abhay Yadav has been withdrawn, the company said on Thursday.
On its large size of below investment grade exposure, Gill said their non-investment grade figure went up from Rs 6,000 crore to Rs 20,000 crore and it was not a very granular portfolio
George Mason University and Northern Virginia Community College, in collaboration with AWS Educate, announced a Bachelor of Applied Science pathway in cloud computing.
Probability to be based on a 10-year marginal default rate and the economic cycle.This is the fifth change for rating agencies in the past three years to improve transparency and processes
Since his arrival, Chandrasekaran has increased integrations between Tata Group companies. Still, he sees room for more.
UBS cut the bank price target to 90 from the earlier 170, marking a 47% fall, and maintained a sell rating
India Business News: Sales of cars and SUVs crashed the most in a month in 18 years as the slowdown in the economy and factors such as job losses and tight liquidity kept
Huawei's ban affected Broadcom's finances. TI'sGerman instrument fell 3.5 %, AMD also fell 3.3 %, NVIDIA fell 2.4 %, and Intel fell 1.1 %.
Among the C Segment sedans, Maruti Ciaz, Hyundai Verna and Honda City scored at the top 3 position in terms of sales in May 2019, controlling more than 80 per cent of market share.
Facebook has just made its first investment within India: Meesho, which helps people resell goods from home to make money.
US News: The busy Newark airport serving the New York area was briefly closed on Saturday after a United Airlines flight experienced multiple flat tires upon l
State-run oil marketing companies review the domestic fuel prices on a daily basis and any revisions are implemented at the fuel stations with effect from 6 am
The journey to recovery may be long drawn with intermittent hiccups.
Almost all the big global names of the audit world have now been hauled up in India for serious lapses. Every major upheaval creates an opportunity for growth.
With these orders, BHEL's solar PV portfolio has crossed 1 Gigawatt mark.
According to media reports, the US Department of Justice is preparing to open a case against Google for potential anti-trust violations.
The government is making a case for affordable spectrum with which India will transition to 5G. In pursuit of this goal, Digital Communications Commission (DCC) yesterday asked telecom regulator Trai to review all aspects of...
Millionaires and billionaires may both be richer than the average person, but theyre each in a group of their own.
High-calorie foods like avocados, almonds, and full-fat dairy provide important nutrients for overall health while keeping you full and satisfied.
The H2X will rival the likes of Mahindra KUV100 and  Maruti Ignis.
Amazon Spark, a shopping social network that could be thought to essentially be a competitor to Instagram, has shut down less than two years since after its launch in July 2017.
Chinese tech titan Huawei, is reportedly gearing up to ship almost 225 million devices already runni...
RIL, ITC, Infosys, SBI and ICICI Bank were the other companies which witnessed a rise in market capitalisation for the week ended on June 14.
The tenth generation Honda Civic has continued its dominance by beating Skoda Octavia, Toyota Corolla and Hyundai Elantra in May 2019 Honda cars India began pre-bookings of the tenth generation Civic back in February and it was officially launched on March 7 
The national carrier has already bagged unused flying rights of grounded Jet Airways to cities like Dubai, Doha and London. Air India increased frequencies on Delhi-Dubai and Mumbai-Dubai routes from June 1.
The board approved a proposal of raising of funds in Indian/ foreign currency by way of issuance of debt securities including but not limited to non-convertible debentures, bonds, of up to Rs 500 crores in domestic and/ or overseas market, on a private placem
GOQii had earlier sued Flipkart, alleging that its devices were discounted by around 70% to the retail price, much more than the two sides had agreed
Now, you can deliver goods for Amazon India on a part-time basis, making Rs 120-140 per hour. The e-commerce major on Thursday launched Amazon Flex, where college students, food delivery executives, service sector staff or security guards can sign up and deli
Dilip Chhabria, the founder of DC Design in conversation with Mahindra.
Ashish Harsharaj Kale, President, FADA said, We would once again express our serious concern on the increase of 2W inventory despite such difficult times and F A D A appeals to our 2W OEMs to kindly regulate the same.
"They are not overpaid, actually; if at all, we can say that we can pay more," Chandrasekaran said.
India's largest car manufacturer earlier introduced the new Alto800 with added safety and BS-VI compliant engine, now added CNG variant Just only recently, Maruti Suzuki, India's largest automaker launched the 2019 Alto 800 facelift with added features and a 
The new generation Mahindra Scorpio will continue to be based on a ladder-on-frame chassis, however, Mahindra is working to enhance its body control.
Heres the top priority news from the past week that you should brush up on MG Hector Prices: The MG Hector has a lot riding on its shoulders as it has the job of introducing a new brand to Indian buyers. Its necessary that the British brand prices its first
The Reserve Bank of India has issued fresh directions to all the banks to ensure that their ATMs are grouted to the wall.
The upcoming MG Hector is high on features and we bring you the top five features including eSIM, big Infotainment system and more MG Motor, the 94-year British brand recently held the test drive for their first product in India and people have come out impre
Cheap flight tickets on domestic, international routes: IndiGo, GoAir, SpiceJet are among those having great offers to present. The flight offers and discounts assume significance also as suspension of flights by Jet Airways has led to additional demand in th
Amazon has been sued by a Massachusetts woman seeking class-action status to sue the e-commerce giant.
Indian entrepreneurs find it more and more difficult to keep up with deep-pocketed competitors from overseas.
Rel Infra posts loss for March quarter for writing off entire  investment in Reliance Naval
As politicians and regulators in Washington, DC, eye Google's vast power, top execs at the company are making a series of public appearances in America's heartland to highlight its role as a job creator far outside Silicon Valley.
The market is expected to continue to consolidate in the coming week as well
<p>Additionally, the Maruti Suzuki Swift also gets a standard set of safety features across the range.</p>
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had various adverse on the DTH and broadcasting industry through the introduction of the new Trai regulatory rules. Due to these new norms, the industry had to go through a ton of ordeals
In light of the revelations that Huawei's patent licensing chief has sent a letter to Verizon asking for a cool $1 billion in exchange for granting access to the company's 4G/5G network and other ...
Mahindra has invested $ 4.3 million in the company by purchasing 300 common shares and 30,469 Series B preferred shares of Gamaya SA.
The scooter segment witnessed some really exciting launches this week but the motorcycle space wasnt any less interesting either!
The Digitial Communications Commission (DCC) in its last meeting on June 13 decided to refer the spectrum proposals back to the regulator for a review and clarification on many aspects, including a relook at the base price.
The MG Hector makes a strong case for itself with the extensive warranty plan and maintenance packages on offer, which should definitely instil more confidence in buyers MG Hector is priced from Rs 12.18-16.88 lakh (Introductory ex-showroom, India). Hector ge
Technology and supply chain skills in demand; 44,000 new jobs to be added in H1: TeamLease
The Indian government is now looking to constitute an ecommerce platform, not unlike Amazon or Alibaba for the Indian MSME
Companies are now proposing a two-color labelling, instead of the proposed tricolour method
Upcoming 2020 Mahindra Scorpio will go on sale next year in India with BS6 engines and is expected to debut at the Auto Expo Mahindra introducing the new-generation Scorpio next year in the Indian market as the Scorpio has been a workhorse for the brand along
Facebook has produced a report summarizing feedback its taken in on its idea of establishing a content oversight board to help arbitrate on moderation decisions. Aka the supreme court of Facebook concept first discussed by founder Mark Zuckerberg last year
Carbon dioxide emissions rose another 2% in 2018, the fastest pace in seven years.
The Financial Stability Report analyses threadbare the overall state of the various segments as well as highlights the risk-related issues
Sebi nod will allow founders to have more control over their ventures even after diluting a significant portion of their holdings.
These plans by the government reportedly stem from the ongoing the Huawei ban and the US-China trade war.
Tune in: Market analysis from the horses' mouth
Prices of the Kia Seltos might start from Rs 11 lakh.
The decision, however, would be finalized after discussing with the builders, Karnataka CM added.
Bharti Airtel priced Airtel Africa at 80 pence per share, giving it a market capitalization of around $3.9 bn.Bharti Airtel had announced plans to consider an IPO for the Africa business in February 2018, and plans to use the net proceeds from the issue of ne
Fares on Mumbai-New York route jumped up to 157% between March and June.
The company told its shareholders that a large part of its strength lies in its success in exports, where the markets are not only diverse but also less prone to acute competitive pressures as the domestic market.
Today, USD-INR pair is expected to quote in the range of 69.05 and 69.70, says Motilal Oswal.
Citigroup (C) analysts are quite bullish on gold's prospects after its recent run. Even prior to golds rally, Citigroup said on June 10 that its base case was that President Donald Trump would apply a 25% tariff on the remaining Chinese goods and increase te
Combative tone at G-20 event raises doubts about Abe's progress on data rules
If dollops of chrome appeal to your senses, the Hector offers some serious choices Exterior accessories include mere cosmetic upgrades like chrome additions along with mud flaps and roof carriers. Interior accessories come with floor and boot mats of differen
It is expected that the price of 95 octane petrol will decrease by 96 cents a litre, while the price of diesel will go down by about 75 cents per litre.
Apple fans were shocked by news that legendary design guru Jony Ive is leaving the company. While Ive has undoubtedly contributed significantly to numerous iconic Apple designs in the past, he is not, however, leaving Apple on a design high.
Resolution plan to be based on RBIs June 7 circular for stressed assets.
The growing co-living and coworking segments, which continue to disrupt the traditional real estate space in the country, are set to further increase their footprint.
After the introduction of the new tariff regime by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai), the DTH and broadcasting industry has undergone a lot of changes. However, this has also led to unprecedented competition between the DTH service providers
Shares of travel company Cox &amp;amp; Kings plunge 10 per cent to 36.8 to hit lower circuit. The company Thursday said it defaulted on 150 crore ($21.75 mln) payment of commercial papers.The travel
Crude Oil Prices Settle Lower; G20, OPEC Outcomes Awaited
Google appeals against the CCI order, saying the ruling can cause it irreparable harm and reputational loss.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 73.38 points, or 0.28%, to 26,599.96, the S&P 500 gained 16.84 points, or 0.58%, to 2,941.76 and the Nasdaq Composite added 38.49 points, or 0.48%, to 8,006.24.
Gold Prices Rise Before US-China Trade Talks
Bitcoin's retreat accelerated Thursday and put the coins price back to nearly the same level as just five days ago.Alternative coins also fell Thursday, with both Ether and Litecoin dropping 14%
In a huge development that will make every Indian proud, Apple has named India-born Sabih Khan the companys senior vice president of Operations.
India Business News: A dovish US Federal Reserve and a weaker dollar have helped boost Indias foreign exchange reserves to a record high of $426.4 billion for the week en
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) today questioned former ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar, her husband Deepak Kochhar and Videocon promoter Venugopal Dhoot in connection with a money laundering case involving their business concern, officials said.
Flipkart has said that it aims to replace nearly 40% of existing last mile delivery vehicles with electric vehicles (EVs) by March 2020. The e-commerce company is expected to add 160 electric delivery ...
Differences cropped up between the cousins over a pact for joint development of land.The mandate given to external partners includes evaluating the possibility of a revision of the existing revenue-sharing agreement between Godrej and Boyce and Godrej Propert
The BMW S 1000 RR is launched as a completely built-up unit in India
ADAG group last month exited the mutual fund business, selling its entire stake to Nippon.
Tesla is working on developing its own battery cell production to become closer to full independence. The company is hiring various engineers specializing in batteries.
The owner of Madame Tussauds and Alton Towers is to leave the stock market after accepting a 6 billion bid from a consortium led by the billionaire Danish family that controls Lego. Merlin...
After failed negotiations earlier with multiple suitors, the SBI-led consortium decided to take Jet Airways to the bankruptcy court on June 17 and on June 20, the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) admitted the insolvency petition.
The plant features more than 3.2 million solar panels; cover the demand of 90,000 people.
In response to a written question in the Lok Sabha, Puri presented the data that showed 70,060 SpiceJet passengers were affected due to flight cancellations from January to May.
Despite the ongoing US-China trade tensions and American President Donald Trump telling Apple to shift production back home, the Cupertino-based iPhone maker is reportedly moving production of its newly-launched Mac Pro desktop computer to China.
BQuick | Top news, must-read stories and columns  all served up in less than 10 minutes.
A deal between the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and allies including Russia to curb output by 1.2 million barrels runs out at the end of June.
Pakistani money in Swiss banks fell by 33 per cent to a record low of Rs63 billion (CHF380 million)
Sovereign gold, however, held steady at Rs 26,800 per eight gram.
He added that the company is also setting up the necessary charging infrastructure at its hubs to ensure that it is able to deploy EVs at a large scale and that operations are seamless.
Air India had a net debt of  58,351.93 crore at the end of March 2019, increasing from about  55,000 crore in FY18.Hardeep Singh Puri said the airline had a net debt of  58,351.93 crore at the end of March 2019, increasing from about  55,000 crore in FY18
Another Indian crypto exchange has shut down permanently due to the banking restriction and regulatory delays. The exchange cites denials in payment services and a sharp decline in trading volume resulting from the recent news of a draft bill to ban cryptocur
Subway is the largest fast-food company in the world by store count, with more than 24,000 restaurants in the United States alone.
Airtel is continuing to offer new deals with its #AirtelThanks. This time around these exclusive benefits will be for its V-Fiber home broadband customers. Previously, Airtel mobile prepaid and postpaid customers have been receiving various benefits on a tier
Company's current portfolio consists of 157 products authorized for distribution in the US marketplace and 58 ANDAs pending approval with the USFDA.
However, the Facebook-owned app says it will do so in a "thoughtful" manner.
Price starts from Rs 65,000 and goes all the way to Rs 1 lakh on road.
At the end of March quarter, outstanding promoters pledged shares stood at Rs 1.95 trillion.
Patients using the recalled Medtronic's MiniMed 508 insulin pump and MiniMed Paradigm series insulin pumps are being advised use a different model.
On a weekly basis, the rupee gained 54 paise to end at 69.01 on June 28 against the June 21 closing of 69.55.
It said companies could bid individually or in groups to work with ONGC on the fields, located in 17 areas and estimated to hold reserves of 300 million tonnes of oil equivalent.
Maruti DZire and Honda Amaze are the top 2 compact sedans in sales list for FY19.
But the proposed new cryptocurrency, on its own, will not compromise our privacy like never before and is not just another cynical money grab by a cynical company, as some experts fear
Maps can predict how crowded the train will be and it can estimate how long youll be waiting in traffic on the bus.
Ride-hailing company Ola, operated by ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd, has invested in Avail Finance as part of the online lenders
Since April 1, 2016, the rate of interest on small savings are notified by the government on a quarterly basis and are linked to the yields of the government securities (G-Sec) of similar maturities.
