Washington: A recent study has found that steroid inhalers used by patients of chronic obstructive p
None
The dad says a previous incident should've been investigated more.
New York, May 29 (IBNS): Although the Ebola response in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) continues to make headway thanks to the determination of health workers on the ground, insecurity is still hampering the response, the World Health Organization
"The state has outgrown what any one institution can provide," said Dr. Guy Loneragan, Dean of Texas Tech's School of Veterinary Medicine.
Herbal products can have harmful side effects too
The clarification came a day after the WHO mistakenly said it had listed burnout in its International Classification of Diseases for the first time.
New research shows e-cigarettes link to heart disease, and two flavourings are the worst.
The researchers from Texas AampM University have determined in a comprehensive study that harmful particulate matter in the atmosphere can produce birth defects..
Using Artificial Intelligence (AI), researchers have discovered new genetic flaws that contribute to autism in people.
May is National Stroke Awareness Month. One local woman is sharing her story of having a stroke while pregnant.
What's better: A billboard or a sign off the interstate? Many small business owners think the sign reigns supreme.
Foxtail grass has a thick, spikey seed that easily sticks into a dog or cat's fur. The seed can be extremely dangerous with razor-sharp ends that quickly bur...
Officials say people who may spread measles can be placed on a "do not board" list that will prevent them from flying, and summer camps are insisting that ca...
The World Health Organization this week recognized burnout as an official medical diagnosis.  Subscribe to KARE 11: https://www.youtube.com/subscription_cen...
It's easily preventable with a shot but with hundreds of cases of the measles popping up across the country, health officials are begging you to heed the war...
This summer, travelers may be dealing with more than crowded airports.
You could be suffering from burnout at work.
Aspects of living life in Hawaii; lifestyle, food, fashion, fitness and entertainment.
Lewy body dementia is the second most common progressive brain disease, only behind alzhemiers' disease.
Free informational dinner event on Tuesday June 4th at 6 PM
None
The ad suggested people who don't look after their health don't love their families.
Employees earn one hour of paid time off for every 40 hours they work, up to 40 hours annually. Subscribe to WMTW on YouTube now for more: http://bit.ly/1lLK...
Trouble with simple financial tasks may be early sign of dementias such as Alzheimers
Dr. Susan Rehm of the Department of Infectious Disease at the Cleveland Clinic talks about the vaccines adults should get.
All full-body movements rely on core strength. Alyx Walkinshaw, a fitness instructor at Railyard Fitness in Santa Fe, walks us through a workout to help you ...
For more international development news, visit: http://www.devex.com Subscribe to the Devex YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_u...
Luis Alvarez/Getty ImagesExtroverts may have it easier.An extrovert has a leg up over introverts at work, according to a new study.For example, extroverts
DC Scores helps 3,000 underprivileged kids in DC have access to programs, like sports and after school activities, when they would normally miss out on these...
From fertility concerns to breaking up with your doctor, OB/GYN Dr Helena Frecker answers your questions in part three of "Ask an Expert." Xtra is a Canadian...
Advances in Stroke Treatment - The Queen's Medical Center - Ask a Specialist
Compassionate care. Innovative treatments. Our experienced neurosurgeons provide the latest innovative surgical options for disorders of the brain, spine and...
The Keto diet has gained enormous popularity as a quick weight loss method. Registered dietitian nutritionist Stephanie Espinoza is joining us with a close...
The Heart & Stroke Foundation has launched an initiative that may help reduce the $46 million Government spends annually on diabetes and heart diseases.The e...
ACR Health offering three-point STD testing
With rising incidents of heart attack among those in 25-40 age group, a worrying trend in India, experts have recommended extensive cardiac screening at high schools and colleges as an effective measure to prevent such cases.
Changing lifestyle,
Kids often enjoy playing outside year-round. But summer weather brings unique challenges. Dr. Angela Mattke says when the bikes, scooters and Rollerblades co...
The Ketogenic diet has grown exponentially in popularity in recent years especially among the lifting population. In laymans terms, the Ketogenic diet is a high fat, low carbohydrate diet plan based on the ... Read more
We asked a licensed therapist user submitted questions ranging from friendships, being happy with yourself, and more. VISIT OUR SITE: http://bit.ly/KK8Af7 [B...
Until recently society looked upon mental health wellness and treatment as a luxury. But now were learning its a key component in establishing and maintain...
Milwaukee, Wisconsin has become the first U.S. city to declare racism a public health crisis. Dr. David Pate, chair of social work at University of Wisconsin...
The number of new diabetes cases among U.S. adults keeps falling, even as obesity rates climb, and health officials aren't sure why.
HEALTH-POLIO/CENTRALAFRICA (UPDATE 1):UPDATE 1-WHO counts down Africa polio clock despite new outbreak
The Pakistan government has sought the help of the World Health Organisation (WHO) to probe the recent outbreak of HIV in the countrys Sindh province, that has till now affected over 600 people, mostly children, according to a media report
The books focus on chlorine dioxide, which doctors and federal regulators say amounts to industrial bleach and can cause permanent harm.
We all know that having a poor diet results in different health conditions  think obesity, diabetes and heart disease  but a new study has found it could raise your cancer risk.
Experts highlight the types of molecular testing available to help clinicians assess patients with chronic-phase chronic myeloid leukemia. For more resources...
Researchers have discovered a new drug compound which kills antibiotic resistant gram-negative bacteria that can cause infections including pneumonia, urinary tract infections and bloodstream infections.
Meet David Parker, a music therapist working at Liberty Place in Whitehall. For several years, Parker has aimed to help people with traumatic brain injuries ...
Hong Kong officials have reported an alarming surge in superbug infections in the city. The number of patients diagnosed with CPE, an antibiotic resistant ba...
Stroke risks rise with age
The key is to focus on nutrient-dense foods if youre trying to trim your waistline. Here are some of the healthiest foods you can add to your diet to speed up your weight loss journey.
Washington D.C. [USA], May 28 (ANI): Scientists have discovered a thermodynamically-reversible chemical reactor that can produce pure hydrogen, thereby eliminating the need for costly separation of the final product.
Children belonging to disadvantaged background have lower levels of physical activity.
Staying hydrated is equally essential, consuming lots and lots of water can do the trick.
A new study claims excessive consumption of some herbal products such as licorice tea may have health risks such as high blood pressure and reduced potassium le..
Washington DC [USA], May 28 (ANI): As exposure to air pollution continues to be a well-established global health problem, researchers have found its connection with symptoms of childhood anxiety.  As part of the study, a team of researchers looked at the corr
Couples having babies through IVF will soon be able to modify their babys IQ before birth by genetic modification.
the brain to stimulate. According to a study, these findings could someday enable personalised treatment for people with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression, and anxiet
SATYENDRA PERSAUD andSHIVAN GOOLCHARAN Last week we looked at screening for prostate cancer  this week we look at what follows an elevated PSA (Prostate Specific Antigen) reading. If my PSA is raised what happens next? If the PSA is not too high, your docto
Drinking coffee, including in people who consume up to 25 cups a day, may not be as bad for...
The research has found that early-life stress is associated with shorter telomeres, a measurable biomarker of accelerated cellular ageing and increased disease risk later in life.
We all know that weight loss is a consistent effort, and that is the very reason why most people fall in the rut of
Blood transfusion during liver cancer surgery associated with increased risk of cancer recurrence.
The 61-year-old technology correspondent is set to have specialist radiotherapy for a cancerous eye tumour known as a choroidal melanoma
New Delhi, Jun 03 (ANI): It turns out, spending an hour a day outside in the sun reduces children's risk of inflammatory bowel disease. More than 800,000 people live with the two life-long disorders which make up IBD - Crohn's Disease and ulcerative colitis. 
The stress and fatigue when you get hit with allergies may be linked to mental illnesses.
There was a better recollection in the group that received electric stimulation that excited their neurons.
Belly fat happens especially as our metabolism slows down with age, and it largely has to do with genetics. Another culprit of belly fat?
Taking the medication twice daily, one of the trial's subjects has survived 2.5 years and is leading a normal life.
Ketogenic or keto foods are supposed to be low in carbs and high in fats because the idea behind the keto diet is to eat more of fats so that your body reaches a point wherein it burns fats as a fuel.  National Egg Day 2019: From Keto Egg Benedict to Scramble
HIV infection makes you susceptible to various other infections. Read on to know about them.
The drink is catching on as a breakfast substitute for low carb high fat diet.
We all know surgery has its risks, but we didn't think catching fire was one of them. And yet, that's exactly what happened to a man undergoing heart surgery in Australia.
Environment, hereditary, family history, genetic makeup, ethnicity, and lifestyle choices, all play a very important role in determining the onset of diabetes.
None
One person has died after they were diagnosed with Legionnaires disease following recent treatment at Mount Carmel Grove City, the hospital confirmed to 10TV Sunday.
New research and findings are revealed at a cancer conference this weekend in Chicago.
A novel targeted therapy using radio waves may help block the growth of liver cancer cells anywhere in the body without damaging healthy ones.

A new study shows how a non-profit research organisation has been deployed by its backers from major food and beverage corporations to push industry-favorable positions to policy makers and international bodies under the guise of neutral scientific endeavor.
The National Alliance on Mental Illness of Western Massachusetts held their annual walk-a-thon at Stanley Park in Westfield Sunday.
Screening recommended for recovered persons regardless of age or smoking habit
Acacia Bell has urged parents to 'trust their instincts' over the life-threatening condition which her son Shane Kerr contracted
According to various media reports, there are several measles hot-spots to avoid during summer vacations in 2019.  To notify international travelers before departure, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and the Canadian Government issue
First Dot Dunn died of pancreatic cancer, then her husband Bernie, after years of heavy Roundup spraying at their farm.
Weight loss: Eat more protein, know your body type and eat the right kind of calories if you want to lose weight. More details down under.
The results were clear-cut: patients with lower blood flow had a significantly higher risk of developing a fistula, whereas patients with high blood flow had a very low risk of wound complications.
Researchers have identified factors associated with brain health in middle age in order to develop ways to preserve brain function when people are older. According to the findings, people's health in middle age predicts how healthy you'll be later
Mexican health officials have confirmed a case of measles in a British woman who arrived in the country's touristic Caribbean coast a week ago, authorities said on Saturday.
The 50-year-old woman arrived Monday at the airport in Cancun with a final
Depression and chronic diseases share a similar biological pathway. Latest findings suggest that, women who experience symptoms of depression are at risk of developing multiple chronic diseases.According to a recent study, women who experienced
Researchers have developed a new weapon in the fight against malaria -- a fungus genetically engineered using a gene found in the venom of an Australian spider.
Adding some extra steps to your day is a great way to lose weight, and it doesn't have to be running; walking is an effective way to shed pounds, especially if
The outbreak has stirred panic among residents of the area. Dr Masood Solangi, Director General Health Sindh, said that nearly 700 people have been diagnosed with HIV in the city of Ratodero.
Washington D.C. [USA], Jun 2 (ANI): A new study has shown that a smartphone app improved pain control and reduced opiate painkiller use in patients who used the app after total knee replacement surgery.
Teasing and bullying overweight children could act as a catalyst in further increasing their
Some antidepressants may provide treatment for multiple infectious diseases.
Dentists prescribing antibiotics unnecessarily can contribute to antibiotic resistance: Study.
Women who experience symptoms of depression, depression in women, risk of developing multiple chronic diseases, symptoms of depression
Get a full-body check-up, including a test for prostate. Keep your diabetes under control and start exercising regularly. Take one tablet of Vigomax Fort
Orthorexia is causing growing concern among experts, but is still not medically recognised
Community members participated in the third annual "Team Hope Walk" for Huntington's Disease in Springfield Saturday.
The World Health Organization (WHO) expressed serious concern over the dramatic acceleration of polio cases in
After twin experiments with genetic engineering technology, the country agrees with the worldwide scientific community that it needs to be used with care.
None
Washington: While video games are widely loved by children around the world, spending more time play
Washington: A recent study has found that withdrawal of Nicotine and Caffeine can cause unwanted suf
The breakthrough study claims a change to your diet could have a big impact on the environment
Mental Health is a topic that had been a victim of prejudice for eons. For many years people strayed away from even having conversations around it. The stigmatization made mental illness synonymous with being crazy. However, ever since more and more people 
The demands of the modern workplace have proved to be a major pain point that ratchets up the pressure on employees and can lead to serious physical and mental health issues. Here are some simple strategies to avoid feeling stressed on the job.
London, June 1 (IBNS): Eating a cup of blueberries a day reduces risk factors for cardiovascular disease  according to new research led by the University of East Anglia, in collaboration with colleagues from Harvard and across the UK.
One in ten people with non-cancerous lung diseases may be sick due to the same.
Washington DC , Jun 1 : Researchers have claimed that certain antidepressants could possibly be used to treat a wide range of diseases caused by bacteria living within cells.
Washington DC , Jun 1 : Antibiotics prescribed by dentists as prevention against infections are 81 per cent of the times unnecessary.
New edition of International Classification of Diseases (ICD-11) classifies burnout as an occupational phenomenon not a disease
The researchers, who published their work in the journal Nature Communications, studied human breast cancer cells treated with a common type of breast cancer drug called aromatase inhibitors.
Air Pollution: Causes of air pollution, health impacts of polluted air, death risk of living in polluted environment, health news at thehealthsite.com
Washington D.C. , May 31 : Given the harmful effect livestock farming poses for the planet, researchers have proposed plant-based diets, insect farming, lab-grown meat, and genetically modified animals as an alternative to livestock farming.
Washington DC , May 31 : It is not only maternal smoking that affects children before taking birth but also paternal smoking. A new study has found that children exposed to paternal smoking before birth are more likely to develop asthma - and associated chang
Washington D.C. , May 31 : While childhood is associated with making good memories, but for some, it is not the same. A new study reveals that children who grow up in poverty and face adversities are more likely to suffer impacts on brain development and beha
Washington D.C. , May 31 : People frequently popping pills for heartburn need to take note! A recent study has found that heartburn, ulcers and acid reflux drugs are associated with a higher risk of premature death. However, little has been known about the sp
You have probably already heard of the Ketogenic diet, one of the hottest diet buzzwords. The Keto diet encourages increased consumption of healthy fats, and lower intake of protein and carbohydrates, to promote healthy weight loss. Here are top five Keto die
A lack of research, unclear communication with doctors, and stigma over its use are stopping older people speaking out and getting products they need.
None
Genetic testing is revealing some hidden family secrets.
WEIGHT LOSS is tricky, but this Reddit user has revealed how he lost 4.2 stone and shed belly fat to reveal ripping abs. So how did he do it?
Till now 681 HIV positive cases have been identified among the 21,375 tested in Ratodero town of Larkana district in the north-west part of the province. Out of the affected, 537 are between the age group of 2 to 15 years.
Following Indias poor ranking in the world hunger index last year, experts have urged the government to come up with a comprehensive nutritional policy to allev..

Parents say they have lost faith in the system after a major drug maker was found to be supplying inferior vaccines that were given to babies as young as three months old, in the latest public health crisis to grip China.
Health officials said a Knox County inmate infected with hepatitis a worked in the jail kitchen at the city-county building.
Cervical cancer or cancer of the uterine cervix is caused by abnormal growth of cells at cervix, which can spread to other parts of the body.Researchers at the Noida-based ICMR-National Institute of C
In the last couple of months, our social media feeds have exploded with what appears to be a new diet fad  Intermittent Fasting or IF as its proponents shorten it to. What exactly is Intermittent Fasting and is it just a fad or is there some merit to this s
A new version of diet - satiating diet - is making news these days for its positive approach towards weight loss.
The study, conducted by teams from University of Maryland, US, & Burkina Faso's IRSS, spells hope for medics battling malaria.
A Perth child has died from the flu virus at Perth Children's Hospital.
Thousands of gravely ill cancer patients each year seek "compassionate use" access to treatments that are not yet on the market, but have shown some promise ...
A raccoon has tested positive for rabies in a Palm Beach County community, health officials say. According to the Florida Department of Health, Animal Care a...
Health officials in Ohio say 10 people have now been diagnosed with Legionnaires' disease amid an outbreak at a recently opened hospital near Columbus. Franklin County's health department said Tuesday that's up from seven. One of those patients died Sunday. M
news, sports, opinion, entertainment, business, lifestyle, milestones, obituaries and weather for Fargo, ND
Washington DC [USA], Jun 4 (ANI): A team of Norwegian scientists have discovered a connection between gum disease and Alzheimer's disease.
A worker at a West Palm Beach restaurant has tested positive for hepatitis A, health officials confirm. According to the Florida Department of Health, a food...
After the Camp Fire in 2018, and a particularly wet winter season, the Butte County Mosquito and Vector Control District sought approval for a grant to combat the public health threat of mosquitoes in the Camp Fire burn scar areas. On Monday, the Butte Strong
New York, June 2 : Kids who grow up in poverty and face adverse experiences are at a greater risk of suffering from mental health disorders such as depression and anxiety, warn researchers.
Rockland County authorities are mandating that all children and staff have measles vaccinations before going to summer camp.
Days after Caillin Heron got her degree from the University of Florida, she found out she also got the mumps. https://on.wtsp.com/2MsObE6
Staphylococcus aureus (SA) is a bacterium that can be found in the nose and the skin of healthy individuals.
Scientists have developed a smartphone app that can help improve pain control
How the spread of the virus can be limited
A group of supporters showed solidarity on Tuesday for a West Palm Beach restaurant where a former worker recently tested positive for hepatitis A.
When someone goes into cardiac distress, Cardiopulmonary resuscitation or CPR could save their life. The problem is, women who suffer a cardiac attack in public are 27 percent less likely to receive CPR than men. And the reason why is so simple its almost st
Alzheimers  is  difficult to diagnose. Most people who present with memory issues dont get access to a definitive diagnosis.
Here we tell you how you can prevent antimicrobial resistance from your end.
A trip to an intensive care unit can be more than twice as costly as a stay in a non-ICU hospital room, but a new study finds intensive care is still the right option for some vulnerable patients after a severe heart attack.
New study has shown that a higher body fat mass increases the mortality in heart bypass surgery patients by over four times, while body mass index (BMI) by itself was not associated with the increase in deaths.The study is being presented at the
Significant advances have been made in understanding, treatment, and prevention of HIV/AIDS globally, Tripathi said.
Sleep deprivation may lead to high blood pressure, finds a new study.This elevation in blood pressure (BP) may continue the next day as well.The study is going to be published in the journalPsychosomatic Medicine.
consuming red meat and white meat, like poultry, have equal effects on blood cholesterol levels.
According to a new scientific statement published in the journal Circulation, effective antiretroviral therapy has changed HIV from a progressive, fatal disease to a chronic, manageable condition that increases the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Elderly people who take anti-depressants or opioids are more than twice as likely to suffer a fractured hip after a fall, a new study has found.
Rocky Mountain spotted fever can be deadly, but if it's correctly diagnosed, it can be treated with antibiotics.
... with an Innovative UK-First Treatment from GenesisCare Theranostics: New Hope for Late Stage Prostate Cancer Patients with an Innovative UK-First Treatme...
Kenny Choi reports on norovirus being suspected in recent illnesses at Nordstrom Elementary in Morgan Hill (6-4-2019)
A new study has found respite for individuals prone to emotion-triggered atrial fibrillation (AF). It shows that psychological stress, anger in individuals with AF can be blocked by beta blockers.Beta blockers are a class of medicines that block the
Drinking coffee, even up to 25 cups a day, is not as bad for arteries and heart as previously thought
The world's second-biggest outbreak has killed 1,346 people since it was detected in August last year. It is the first time Ebola has struck in a conflict zone and the World Health Organization (WHO) has said the outbreak is unlikely to be contained unless vi
New Delhi, Jun 03 (ANI): It turns out, spending an hour a day outside in the sun reduces children's risk of inflammatory bowel disease. More than 800,000 peo...
Migraine sufferers who used a smartphone-based relaxation technique at least twice a week experienced fewer headache days per month, a study has found.
A virus killed more than 50 cats at the San Marcos Regional Animal Shelter over the weekend. Full story: https://www.kvue.com/article/news/local/san-marcos-s...
Washington DC [USA], Jun 4 (ANI): "Clean eating" is perceived as highly positive by young people but this optimistic impression of "clean diet" may signal a risk for eating disorders, researchers have claimed.
Eating a cup of blueberries daily reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) by up to 15 per cent, according to a study. The findings, published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, suggest that blueberries and other berries should be included
The radiofrequency admitted during the study is safe and lower than those radiated from a mobile phone.
You're sitting an exam, and just can't recall the answer you know is in your brain somewhere. A new study suggests that a quick zap to a region in your prefrontal cortex might help you find the missing memory.
JGI/Tom Grill/Getty ImagesDepression is on the rise among millennials.Nearly half of millennials have been diagnosed with major depression, but one in five
A terrifying diagnosis turned into a scene from a horror movie when a woman's brain tumor turned out to actually be a parasite. Rachel Palma of Middletown, N...
In what ways does climate impact our digestion? Experts share ways to avoid food-related seasonal sickness.
Washington DC [USA], Jun 3 (ANI): A specific molecule produced by the body can fight against superbugs -  a common term used today to describe strains of bacteria that are resistant to the majority of antibiotics- a new study has found.
New research on two people born with extra fingers has shown how the brain adapts to the workload imposed by more digits.
A satisfying sex life results in overall emotional, physical, and mental well-being of a couple. And, low libido or lack of sex drive is one of the biggest hindrances in getting satisfied in bed. Although it commonly affects older couples, age is not the only
In a study published in the journal Nature Medicine on Monday, scientists found that people who have two copies of a so-called "Delta 32" mutation of CCR5 - which protects against HIV infection in some people - also have a significantly higher risk of prematu
MSU physicians have found that vitamin D, if taken for at least three years, could help cancer patients live longer.
Legionella-related death reported at Mount Carmel Grove City
FWP studying chronic wasting disease after Libby incident
Racial discrimination raises risks of disease among African Americans: Study.
The Alzheimers Association of Western New York wants you to know that June is Alzheimers and Brain Awareness Month. Andrea Cook, the support groups manager...
The majority of the imported cases acquired infection in Southeast Asian countries
New drug shows increased survival rate in young women with breast cancer.The drug works by inhibiting the activity of cancer-cell promoting enzymes.
The CDC warns that the number of cases involving mosquitoes and ticks has more than tripled since 2004, John Lauritsen reports (1:50). WCCO 4 News At 10  Ju...
The use of antihypertensive drugs -- drugs used to decrease blood pressure (BP) -- may also decrease dementia risk, suggests a recent study published in theJournal of Alzheimer's Disease.
A combination of various nutrients, found in walnuts, fuels the body with sufficient nourishment and keeps hunger pangs away.
Fluorescence microscopy is a method for studying living tissue that relies on induced luminescence.
clean eating, clean diet, eating disorder, risks of clean diet, healthy diet, drawbacks of dieting, problems caused by clean diet
The RELAXaHEAD app, developed by researchers from the New York University in the US, guides
A study conducted in University of California, Berkeley, found that people having two mutated copies of the gene had a significantly higher death rate between ages 41 and 78.
You are likely to be deficient in nutrients if a majority of you diet includes junk foods, processed and packaged foods. Read here to know some of the most common nutritional deficiencies and what you can do about them.
Patients receiving a blood transfusion during liver cancer surgery are at increased risk of cancer recurrence and death, according to a recent study presented at theEuroanaesthesia congress to be held inVienna, Austria from June 1-3, 2019.
Thanks to a team of researchers from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the University of Massachusetts Amherst, scientists are able to read patterns on long chains of molecules to understand and predict behavior of disordered strands of prote
A lot of people believe that contraception methods like douching (washing the vagina) and pulling out (also known
The life and legacy of Dr. Henry Lynch covers the wall in a special tribute to the man who changed the medical landscape of cancer. It depicts a life dedicat...
Press release - Coherent Market Insights - Bone Cancer Treatment Market Favourable Growth Confirmed Due To Increasing Disease Incidence and Key Players To Capitalize On The Opportunity Pfizer, Inc., Amgen Inc., Actavis Plc, Novartis International Ag, Debiopha
The study, published in Australian Prescriber journal, revealed that the risk of fracturing a hip was significant
VITAMIN B12 deficiency symptoms can develop if a person lacks the vitamin in their diet. Recognising symptoms is important to avoid further health complications. One to be wary of is having a certain taste in your mouth.
Consumption of unsalted tomato juice may keep heart disease at bay by decreasing blood pressure (BP) and LDL cholesterol -- is the bottom line of a recent study published in the journalFood Science & Nutrition.
Gingivitis plays a decisive role in whether a person develops Alzheimer's or not.
The obsession with 'clean diet' and the lack of complete knowledge about the same may signal a risk for eating disorders. The study was published in the 'Journal of Eating Disorders'.
Infection withStaphylococcus aureus(SA) bacterium can lead to food sensitization, food allergy, and can impair tolerance to foods in children withsevere eczema, according to a recent study.SA is a bacterium that can be found in the nose and the skin of he
Washington D.C. [USA], June 5 (ANI): We all have heard "early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise." While we all know the benefits of a good night's sleep, people hardly know how sleep deprivation harms the human body.
Two new cases of hepatitis A have surfaced in Palm Beach County, bringing the total number of cases this year to 23, which is the most in our viewing area.
sports, physical activities, sports help children, emotional distress, mental health, emotional difficulties, benefits of sports
Vitamin D supplements, if taken for at least three years, could add years to the lives of cancer patients, a study has found.
There are simple, but overlooked ways, to keep our skin in good health.
Flood victims and volunteers are getting tetanus shots to avoid hazards in the water.
Research from the Imperial College examined whether having an extra finger imposed an extra burden on the brain. They found that it did not - and the brain adapted to the extra workload.
A good night's sleep helps in reducing the desire for sweet and salty foods, intake of sugar and caloric content
A recent study examined the mechanisms of cell migration which further states how breast cancer cells generate and later settle into the bones.The study was published in the journal, ' Scientific Reports'.Jing Liu, one of the researchers believed
Officials in San Marcos have shut down cat intake and adoptions at the San Marcos Regional Animal Shelter after an outbreak of a highly contagious virus
Rather than look for new and better antibiotics, the researchers decided to look for compounds that prevent the bacteria from toughening up.
New preprint server for the health sciences announced today
Courtesy CVS HealthA CVS Pharmacy store in Houston that's been turned into a Health HubCVS Health on Tuesday held an investor day to detail the company's strategy
LEWISTON  A case of measles has been confirmed in Idaho.
Marcia Cross has nothing to hide. The "Desperate Housewives" alum is speaking out about her experience with anal cancer in the hopes of destigmatizing the di...
Number of Legionnaire's disease cases at Mount Carmel Grove City increases
Washington: A new study has found respite for individuals prone to emotion-triggered atrial fibrilla
Washington DC , Jun 03 : Latest findings have found a link between lack of sleep in teenagers and their indulgence in risky sexual behaviours.
The study recommends people to adopt dietary patterns with high vegetable content, but do not provide evidence for choosing white over red meat for reducing CVD risk.
Belly fat happens especially as our metabolism slows down with age, and it largely has to do with genetics. Another culprit of belly fat? You're not eating a
The researchers from Michigan State University in the US suggest that the vitamin carries significant benefits other than just contr
WASHINGTON: Patients with HIV are at a significantly higher risk of suffering from heart and blood vessel diseases as compared to those without the infection, scientists say.
It becomes even more important to understand the impact of energy drinks, if you have underlying health issues.
The East African country, which undertook a national prevention programme for cervical cancer through the HPV vaccine, had to combat obstacles like rumours about infertility and social stigma amongst people to implement the campaign.
Two thirds of the cases have been fatal, the health ministry says.
Hemp protein is a plant-based product, extracted from the seeds of the hemp plant, Cannabis sativa L., and is used in some protein supplements and protein-enriched foods. It is confused with the Hemp
Washington D.C. [USA], June 5 (ANI): Weak upper and lower body fitness can cause more serious depression and anxiety in midlife women, a recent study suggests.
A recent study by public health expert professor John Ashton highlights how the weakening of public health is leading to deteriorating the vaccine coverage levels.The study was published in the 'Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine'The health
Drinking unsalted tomato juice may lower blood pressure and cholesterol
(CNN)The red meat or white meat debate is a draw: Eating white meat, such as poultry, will have an identical effect on your cholesterol level as eating
A genetic mutation that a Chinese scientist attempted to create in twin babies born last yearin order to help them fend off HIV infectionis also associated with a significant increase in mortality in later life, according to an analysis by University of Cal
Dietary supplements sold for weight loss, muscle building, and energy are tied to severe adverse events in youth; researchers call for better regulation and decreased access to supplements by youth.
TYPE 2 diabetes causes a persons blood sugar (glucose) level to become too high, and if the condition is left untreated, serious complications can occur. One way to lower blood sugar and keep it in check is to eat the right foods at breakfast.
Vast majority of rabbis are urging vaccination amid measles outbreak centered in Orthodox community, but a few vocal holdouts see a US government-led conspiracy
New York, June 4 (IANS) HIV patients are at a significantly higher risk of suffering from heart and blood vessel diseases as compared to those without the
Scientists have used facial recognition technology to predict when patients in the intensive care unit (ICU) are at high risk of unsafe behaviour, such as accidentally removing their breathing tube. The research suggests that the automated risk detection tool
Lots of prominent people like to highlight how early they rise, but is it really something to brag about?
Though abundant in water, air, and common foods, its unclear how it might affect our health.
As part of a recent study, researchers examined the potential misuse of anti-anxiety medication. There is concern about the misuse of the sedative anti-anxiety ..
Smartphone app, app reduces migraine, RELAXaHEAD app, app decreases headache, PMR therapy, technologies, migraine patients
Detroit Police Chief James Craig said they are looking for a serial killer and rapist that is operating on the city's east side.
Earlier, it had issued an exposure draft on May 20, proposing a hike in motor third party insurance premiums and had invited comments from various stakeholders
A pioneering drug that boosts survival for women with breast cancer can stall progression of prostate cancer in men, a landmark study has found.
New research from New York University suggests that using a relaxation smartphone app they helped develop can help significantly reduce the amount of migraine attacks people experience each month.
Anybody who has been passed by an ambulance at high speed has experienced a physical effect called the Doppler shift: As the ambulance moves toward the listener, its motion compresses the siren's sound waves and raises the sound pitch. As the ambulance moves 
Previous suggestions that drinking coffee leads to stiffer arteries are inconsistent and could be limited by lower participant numbers
In breakthrough research, a team of researchers from Korea developed a nitric oxide (NO)-scavenging hydrogel for the treatment of rheumatoidarthritis -- achronic inflammatory disorder that affects many joints, including those in the hands and feet. It occur
United Nations: India supplies nearly two-thirds of the world's antiretroviral drugs and plays a...
Australians are among the highest users of anti-depressants in the world, with approximately 10 per cent of the adult population taking them each day.
A raccoon has tested positive for rabies in Meriden, according to the city's Department of Health and Human Services.
Kenya's success in reducing the rates of Aids-related deaths and HIV infections results from a national policy that stands as a global trendsetter, the country's United Nations envoy declared on Monday.
A new study has found that consuming white meat products like chicken and turkey has the same effect on your blood cholesterol levels as eating red meat.
HEALTH-SEX/WHO (PIX):A million people a day get sexual infections, WHO warns
Rachel Palma was in shock when doctors told her she had a brain tumour. When they operated, they found a tapeworm
In November last year, Chinese geneticist He Jiankui defied his countrys laws, and arguably his ethical responsibilities, by genetically modifying twin girls while they were embryos. He believed he was protecting them from HIV, but he may have doomed them to
Dallas News: your source for breaking news and analysis for Dallas-Fort Worth, Texas and around the world. Read it here, first.
Bad diets may not just wreck your waistline, but also spell doom for your brain power and memory, says a new study.
A good night's sleep helps in reducing the desire for sweet and salty foods, intake of sugar and...
"Drinking tomato juice can reduce your risk of heart disease, study reveals," the Daily Mirror reports.
Even in low-carbohydrate diets you must include some portions of healthy whole grains. Here are five best ones that you can count on!
The NSE Nifty50 index was trading 170.35 points down at 11,851.30.
Anti-smoking campaigns and the use of statins have helped to reduce the mortality rate.
Only a small proportion of men who are under active surveillance for low-risk prostate cancer actually undergoes monitoring as recommended when treated outside of a controlled setting.
Researchers examine potential misuse of anti-anxiety medication: Study.
Birmingham, June 6 (IBNS): Controlling the frequency of brain waves could help to improve peoples recall of memories and potentially provide a key to unlock conditions such as Alzheimers disease, according to a new article.
Studies have shown that going hungry just a handful of times is associated with poorer physical and mental health.
This is an excerpt from a story delivered exclusively to Business Insider Intelligence Digital Health Pro subscribers. To receive the full story plus other
Some 88 infections have been detected each of the last two weeks, down from a peak of 126 weekly in April, and WHO teams are checking 15,000 suspected contacts each day for symptoms.
Representational image (file pic)
Dietary supplements pose high health risks in young adults and children
If I don't talk to my patients about consent, who will?
Tomato juice lends its delightful tangy flavour to any beverage it is mixed in.
Several researches and studies say that there has been more than 100 per cent increase in incidence of stroke in India from 1978 to 2018.
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Tuesday for a deadly overnight attack in an area of eastern Congo hit by an Ebola epidemic, although its account of the violence differed from local reports.
More than 200 people across the top of the south have been to hospital with flu like symptoms in May.
Paris, June 5: Humans eat and breathe in tens of thousands of microplastic particles every year, according to a new analysis Wednesday that raised fresh questions over how plastic waste could directly impact our health. Microplastics  tiny plastic shards bro
Egg lovers please take note. Researchers have warned that eating more than two eggs daily can increase the risk of death and developing cardiovascular diseases.
Washington DC [ USA], June 5 (ANI): A recent study examined the mechanisms of cell migration which further states how breast cancer cells generate and later settle into the bones.
cell migrating, breast cancer, bone health, cancer cells, physical parameters, cancerbiology, millions of cells, health news
Here&#039;s why parents should set screen-time limits for their kids.
Washington D.C. [USA], June 6 (ANI): When it comes to mental health, differentiating mental disorders from mental illnesses has always been a tricky task.
Published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the study tracked the diets, health
The team recently received funding from NTUitive, NTUs innovation and enterprise company
Washington D.C. [USA], June 6 (ANI): Facing adversities and challenges during the early years of lives affect children's executive function skills and their ability to focus and organize tasks, recent findings suggest.
More than 10 million people in India suffer from migraine, a disorder characterized by frequently occurring headaches. The problem is often controlled with medications. But now, in a major development, NYU researchers have come up with an app capable of reduc
The first people to be gene-edited  a pair of baby twin girls  may have been mutated in a way that shortens life expectancy, research suggests.
If the bleeding is minor, just apply Surfaz SN cream. Should the bleeding continue after the second day, visit a gynaecologist.
"For better or worse, we are already conducting a mass-scale experiment of extensive internet usage across the global population."
good sleep quality, reduced appetite, sugary foods, salty foods, insulin senstivity, reductions in overall appetite, health news
The study published in the Journal of the North American Menopause Society evaluates objective measures of physical performance in relation to depression and anxiety in premenopausal, perimenopausal, and postmenopausal women.
A team of agricultural scientists has found that orange-fleshed cucumber varieties from north-eastern region of the country are four to five times richer in carotenoid content (pro-vitamin A) than whi
Mental disorder or illness? Where to draw the line?
Breast MRI cancer detection rate being 10.8 per 1,000 examinations vs 8.2 for mammography alone
In India, a landmark HIV and AIDS (Prevention and Control) Act came into force from September 10 last year that provides a rights-based framework to ensure a dignified life without stigma and discrimination for people living with HIV.
Sitting for long hours in front of the computer can invite a multitude of health issues.
Turning a conventional wisdom on its head, researchers have found that consuming red meat and white meat, like poultry, have equal effects
It would seem governments are best positioned to fight superstition, but with them, the question is whether they're willing to do it.
There is concern about the misuse of the sedative anti-anxiety medication alprazolam because of the high it can create. A study found that non-medical use of alprazolam in the United Kingdom is a significant issue,
Women all over the world are affected by PCOS. An early detection of the disorder can help get your health on the right track.
Tiny, branching extensions called dendrites may be more than just passive information-carriers, study finds.
Researchers have found that home-based weight management programmes may be beneficial for both kids...
The RELAXaHEAD app, developed by researchers from the New York University in the US, guides patients through progressive muscle relaxation, or PMR. In this form of behavioural therapy, patients alternately relax and tense different muscle groups to reduce str
Egg lovers please take note. Researchers have warned that eating more than two eggs daily can...
Those living with mental health conditions have often found themselves at the mercy of insurance companies who often refuse to cover mental health treatment.  Of the mere ten percent of India
Swap your tofu for this nutrient-rich, plant-based protein.
LDL (low-density lipoprotein) cholesterol, termed as the bad cholesterol has a beneficial role in maintaining the nerve function and healing in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and diabetic polyneuropathy (DPN), suggests a recent study.
Even as the condition of the youth infected by the Nipah virus at Kochi in Kerala was reported to be improving, specimen collected from five more persons have been sent to the virology institutes in the state as well as to Manipal. Kerala Health Minister K K 
Doctors had broken the disheartening news to Rachel Palma, explaining that the lesion on her brain was suspected to be a tumor, and her scans suggested that it was cancerous.
The incidence of the Hepatitis-B virus is higher among the tribals, specially the Jarawas of the Andaman Islands and the Chakmas in Arunachal Pradesh, experts said.
Rather than an infection, its possibly an allergy. It could be the soap you are using or even the type of clothes you wear. Please get it examined by yo
Study reveals that white meat is just as bad for health as red beef.
<p>Every day, there are more than 1 million new cases of curable sexually transmitted infections (STIs) among people aged 15-49 years, according to data released today by the World Health Organization. This amounts to more than 376 million new cases
The number of measles cases confirmed in the United States in 2019 has reached 1,001, a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report said this week. As of last week, the total for 2019 had alr
The research, published in the journal World Psychiatry, found the Internet can produce both acute and
High levels of Internet use may change the brain in a way which could affect our attention, memory and social interactions, according to a study.
annually 
A big panic has not set in. There was a level of preparation since we already faced this once last year. The state government has also been very pro-active and supportive, says Anup R. Warrier, consultant for infectious diseases, Aster Medcity Hospital, Kochi
Humans eat and breathe in tens of thousands of microplastic particles every year, according to a new analysis on Wednesday that raised fresh questions over how plastic waste could directly impact our health.
Sleep extension was associated with improved measures of insulin sensitivity.
Toronto [Canada], Jun 7 (ANI): Parents should encourage their children to adopt healthy habits like physical exercise, a nutritious diet and getting sound sleep instead of spending long periods of time on electronic devices, a doctor who is leading the Canadi
The study, published in the Journal of Nutrition Education and Behaviour, found that the DRIVE curriculum -- Developing Relationships th
NEW DELHI: The Kerala Fruit and Vegetable Exporters Association has expressed joy over the Saudi decision to lift the ban on imports of horticultural products from the south Indian state. The outbreak of the deadly Nipah virus in certain parts of Kerala in Ma
Researchers have found that spending more time standing up and eating for even a few minutes prompts physical stress, muting taste buds.
While some warning signs of a mental health disorder like depression or anxiety are commonly seen in a lot of people who suffer from it, some of them are rather unusual.
World Brain Tumour Day: cases of brain cancer, impact of brain tumour, how brain tumour affects you, treatment of brain tumour
It gets almost impossible to sleep at night in this hot weather, especially if you do not have an air conditioner a
From dry skin to wrinkles, sleep can impact your skin in a lot of ways. Here's how sleep can affect your skin.
Did you know that eating tomato improves vision. Read on to find out more health benefits of the fruit.
Even 25 cups of coff ee a day not bad for heart, new study debunks previous claims
Health authorities did not specify where the cases developed or how widely the sandwiches are sold. 
(Reuters Health) - If you're talking vitamin D and expecting it to lower your risk of getting type 2 diabetes when you get older, it's time to lower your expectations.
The Fiji Health Ministry is working with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and World Health Organization to investigate the mysterious death of a Texas couple on vacation on the South Pacific Island.
It was found that the cholesterol in eggs, when consumed in large quantities, is associated with ill health effects, said Katherine Tucker, Professor at the University of Massachusetts Lowell in the US.
Increased sleeping hours associated with lower cardiometabolic risk
If you have too much stress, your immunity could suffer.
A single session of vaping can deliver more nicotine in the airways than smoking one cigarette, warned re
Scientists have snapped high-resolution pictures of the chikungunya virus latched onto a protein found on the surface of cells in the joints, an advance that ma..
Awareness, early detection and treatment key to contain the situation
New York: Researchers have identified a master cell that coordinates the bodys immune response in the early days of TB infection. According to the study published in the journal Nature, the researchers found that boosting the activity of such cells could hel
Protein drinks for weight loss: These magical beverages can help you fulfil your workout goals by providing you with the protein you need, and at the same time, save you from the scorching heat.
Mum feels "wronged" her young children's flu jab was cancelled due to vaccine shortage.
Parents should encourage their children to adopt healthy habits like physical exercise, a nutritious diet and getting sound sleep instead of spending long periods of time on electronic devices, a doctor who is leading the Canadian Pediatric Society's digital 
WHO recommends 1 hour per day, or less, of screen time for young children.
World Brain Tumor Day is observed on the June 8 every year with the objective of spreading awareness and educating people about the same.
Researchers have found that nurses are at an increased risk of sleep deprivation and sleep disorders such as chronic insomnia.
People experiencing discomfort for long hours, eating foods that normally taste good do not taste pleasant to them.
There is good news for coffee lovers. According to an article about a recent study from Queen Mary University of London, having up to 25 cups of coffee does not lead to stiffer arteries. The university&rsquo;s article said 8,412 people in the U. K. were used 
Washington DC , June 5 : A recent study debunked all previous theories that red meat is the only food which has a great impact on cholesterol. The researchers found out that even white meat has an identical effect on cholesterol levels in the body.
Washington D.C. [USA], Jun 8 (ANI): We all know how bad junk food is for our health still, we find ourselves giving in for this delectable food. However, a new study showed that junk food is associated with food allergy in children.
From mangoes to rice to ghee - make them all part of your diet, theyre great for the body, says Rujuta Diwekar.
The diagnosis ofchildhood respiratory disorders can now be readily done with an automated cough analysis technology incorporated in a smartphone app, according to a recent study published in the journalRespiratory Research.
A Miami news anchor who died in early June killed himself because he feared he had dementia. Todd ...
It is one of the vital obligations of the nation to ensure the creation and subsequent maintenance of conditions conducive to good health as has been cited in the Constitutional directives contained in Articles 38, 39(e), 39 (f), 42, 47 and 48 A in Part IV of
Contrary to multiple media reports, burnout has not been recognized by the World Health Organization as a disease, but rather an occupational factor influencing health status.
Brain tumour is one of the most aggressive forms of malignant tumors and the survival period for a patient is mostly 14 months.
When doctors in New York were preparing to find a suspected cancerous tumor in a woman&#39;s brain, they ended up discovering the egg of a tapeworm instead.
Women LGBT at high risk of substance use after the age of 13.
The use of liraglutide,a glucagon-like peptide-1 analogue, as an adjunctive treatment inpatients with persistent or recurrent type 2 diabetes (T2D) after bariatric surgery leads to better blood sugar control.
Breast MRI leads to higher biopsy and cancer detection rates compared with mammography with no significant variation in sensitivity or interval cancers, pointed out a study published in radiology.
According to NYU School of Medicine, migraine sufferers who used a smartphone-based progressive muscle relaxation technique at least twice a week experienced fewer headache days per month.
There may soon be more treatment options for patients living with stage four cancers.
E-cigarette vaping with nicotine not only hampers mucus clearance from the airways, but also increases the risk of chronic bronchitis, warn researchers.
Conducted in Mongolia, the research detected pathogens which, though they did not cause illness to the leopards, could make other wild cats ill; they could also affect humans and livestock
Using the internet is physically changing our brains so that we have shorter attention spans and worse memory, major study has suggested.
High levels of Internet use may change the brain in a way which could affect our attention, memory...
Washington DC [ USA], June 5 : A recent study examined the mechanisms of cell migration which further states how breast cancer cells generate and later settle into the bones.
United Nations, Jun 7 (UNI) The world is entering
Young people in the US are experiencing severe side effects after using supplements for weight loss, sexual function, energy, and muscle gain.
Researchers have found that home-based weight management programmes may be beneficial for both kids as well as parents.
The east African countrys campaign to end cervical cancer through the HPV vaccine has had to overcome cultural taboos and rumours about infertility  but its saving lives
The use of opioid analgesics among patients withAlzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with a 30% increase in the risk of pneumonia, suggests a recent study published in theJournal of Alzheimer's Disease. The risk was highest with the use ofstrong opioids,
A scientist mutated twins to be resistant to HIV infection with CRISPR, but UC Berkeley researchers found the mutation comes with a higher mortality rate.
Just because there are more mosquitoes this year in the Treasure Valley, doesn't mean the chances of contracting West Nile Virus are also higher.
Health Minister Zulema Tomas said Sunday that
The chickenpox vaccine is a twofer: Not only are kids protected against the first disease, they're also at lower risk of developing shingles in childhood, according to a large, new
In a first, scientists have developed a treatment that can delay type 1 diabetes by two or more years among people who are at high risk. The research, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, involved treatment with an anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody (t
VITAMIN B12 deficiency symptoms can develop if a person lacks the vital vitamin. Left untreated, the condition can lead to more serious health problems. One symptom which is important to recognise can appear around a persons mouth.
BOSTON, June 11  New research has found that how a man's body fat is distributed could affect his risk of developing aggressive prostate cancer. Carried out by researchers at the Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health along with the National Institute on Ag
Prevention of autoimmune is still a new territory.
Patients who suffer from allergies now have another option.
The researchers predicted that circulating exosomes from teens with elevated blood sugar are enriched for microRNAs targeting carbohydrate metabolism.
Stress levels in dogs are influenced by the people they live with.
Individuals with short sleep duration might benefit from improving intake of nutrients
A new national study in Canada showed that strong family and school support for trans youth can help to prevent substance use.
'We were scratching our heads, surprised at what it looked like,' chief neurosurgeon says
Washington DC [USA], June 10 (ANI): A study has claimed that identification of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) before it develops could significantly alter the course of the disease.
Its just that old superstitions, deep distrust, and an endless cycle of violence have the upper hand. 
Officials say a Sussex County man who died in mid-May was confirmed to have Powassan virus, a rare illness spread by the bite of an infected tick.
Nipah virus (NiV) infection is a newly emerging zoonosis. NiV affects both humans and animals. The fatality rateofNiVisquitehighandspreads mainly through bats, pigs, and other animals. The deadly brain-damaging Nipah virus has resurfaced in tKerala a year aft
Cleveland Clinic's Doctor Jeffrey Chapa said exercising, changing your diet and losing weight before pregnancy can be helpful in reducing pregnancy complicat...
Washington D.C. [USA], June 10 (ANI): We often relate to people who are like us and find it easy to seek care from them.
CHICAGO (AP) &mdash; Dozing off to late-night TV or sleeping with other lights on may mix up your metabolism and lead to weight gain and even obesity, provocative but preliminary U. S. research suggests. The National Institutes of Health study published Monda
Four infections &mdash; chlamydia, gonorrhoea, trichomoniasis and syphilis &mdash; amount for more than 376 million new cases annually
New York: Sleep disturbances are associated with mental health problems among survivors of a natural disaster even two years after the tragedy, according to a study. Published in the journal Sleep, the study involved 165 participants (52 per cent men) with an
Two cases each of dengue and chikungunya also reported
Anaemia is a common problem in India. It is a risk in its own right and causes a number of deaths, yet it has further implications for heart function. Iron-deficiency anaemia places an increased st
The study was presented at the meeting, 'Nutrition 2019' in Baltimore, and showed an analysis of more than 850 elementary school children.
Doctors are not suggesting a minimally invasive cryotherapy for those suffering chronic allergies. It's called Clarifix.
In addition to the findings on sleep duration, the research suggested nutrients may also play a role in sleep disorders, poor sleep quality and trouble falling asleep.
It is always advised to set your alarm clock in a different room so that you need to leave your bed to turn it off. What better way to say goodbye to that snooze button!
The findings also suggested that the women were more prone to such sleep-disordered breathing than men.
Mens health week is celebrated worldwide however in the US it is celebrated during the week ending on Fathers Day
We see all this at the treatment centre in Beni, a town in 
Climate change and urbanization could increase the number of people at risk of contracting dengue fever, a mosquito-borne disease that can be deadly.
A recent study has found how exosomes, tiny nanoparticles released from fat cells, travel through the bloodstream and can help detect type 2 diabetes in teens.
Theres no easy answer for how to solve the opioid crisis that has cost the U.S. over $37 billion since 2000.
Hair loss is typically due to aging and a genetic predisposition, but sometimes it can mean a person is seriously ill. Here's how you can tell.
Though none of the categories is wrong, but both the types have their pros and cons and each type can help make you
Researchers have found that use of dietary supplements for weight loss and muscle gain, increases risk of disability and hospitalization.
As per the WHO report, out of the 751 people who are infected with HIV, 604 are children.
Karachi , Jun 10 : Over half of 751 people diagnosed with HIV in Pakistans Sindh province still await medical assistance, according to a report by the World Health Organisation WHO.
The researchers found that eating rice first and then a vegetable and meat caused significantly higher blood sugar levels after eating compared to other sequences.
This is the first time that vitamin D derived from oyster mushrooms exposed to sun has been shown to be a potential adjunctive therapy for TB
Men could be offered one scan between the age of 55 and 60 and be given peace of mind for the rest of their life.
Ashley Meehan, whose partner proposed to her in hospital at the weekend, has been told it is extremely unlikely the aggressive cancer can be cured
Early signs of type 2 diabetes in teens, signs of type 2 diabetes detected using microRNA, major risk factor for insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes
A preliminary study presented at the ongoing annual meeting of the American Society for Nutrition in Baltimore showed that not eating enough fruits and vegetables may lead to millions of deaths from stroke and heart disease each year.
(Reuters Health) - While many people can pick up on signs of postpartum depression in new mothers, the same signs are often mistaken for something else or missed entirely in fathers, a British study suggests.
In the eternal search for understanding what makes us human, scientists found that our brains are more sensitive to pitch, the harmonic sounds we hear when listening to music, than our evolutionary relative the macaque monkey. The study, funded in part by the
If you happen to be a weight-watcher, you have probably already heard of the popular Keto and Paleo diets, two of the hottest diet buzzwords. Although these two diets seem quite similar as both promote a low-carb plan and restrict you from certain foods, they
USA-MEASLES/ (UPDATE 1):UPDATE 1-U.S. measles outbreak spreads to Idaho and Virginia, hits 1,022 cases
A new study has shown exactly how a child's diet and water intake may impact her/his brain development and growth.
Little Edie Madoc-Jones weighed just 1lb 4oz when she was born at just over 23 weeks.
One cannot get into good shape just in the blink of an eye.
These public health interventions could prevent millions of premature deaths.
Time for "In Other News," those apps that are supposed to help you get a good night's rest may be doing more harm than good. Doctors in the UK say they cause...
Changing Attitudes towards Disability in India with a Special Focus on Disability related News.
Scientists found that holding a standing posture for even a few minutes prompts physical stress, muting taste buds.. food.  food facts.  health.  health recent research.  latest food study.  latest health study.  health trends.
Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Treatment Market 2019 report contains a focused socio-economic, political, and environmental analysis of the factors affecting the Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Treatment industry. The report contains an analysis of the techn
People with undetected glucose disorders run a higher risk of both myocardial infarction and periodontitis, according to a study published in the journal Diabetes Care by researchers at Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. The results demonstrate the need of grea
programmed magnetic field therapy, treating patients suffering from brain tumor, treating malignant brain tumor cancer, patented magnetic therapy treatment
Washington , June 9 : Giving insights into what people drink, a study has reported substantial differences in the beverages consumed by different demographic groups in 185 countries.
The message claims that a child got a tumor in his brain because of excessive mobile phone usage. Is that possible?
Washington D.C. [USA], June 10 (ANI): The effect of marijuana on our health can't be undermined. It not only increases the risk of various diseases but may also affect the ability to conceive as well.
Peru has declared a health emergency in five regions, including Lima, after the deaths of at least four people linked to Guillain-Barre syndrome, an autoimmune disorder that attacks the nervous system.
Scientists have now developed a tool to help you optimise your caffeine-intake, by designing strategies to help you stay awake and alert, without over-consuming coffee.
The Internet can alter specific brain regions and affect our attention capacity, memory processes and social interaction, a study has found.
In the fight against Ebola, there&#39;s no shortage of 21st century science and medical care.
LONDON: Researchers have found that high consumption of junk food such as microwaved foods and barbequed meats may be responsible for food allergies in children.
Researchers have unveiled a new drug that is proving effective at treating the symptoms of Parkinsons disease and slowing the spread of the crippling disorder.
Officials believe the virus was transmitted through the use of dirty needles, a common problem in one of the most underdeveloped corners of the country.
If youre in the habit of falling asleep to the sounds and lights of your television, we have some bad news.
Kinshasa, Jun 11 (UNI) Almost 1,400 people have died from the Ebola virus disease in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) since last August, the country''s Health Ministry said on Tuesday.
Researchers have developed a two-step combination therapy 'one-two punch' to destroy cancer cells.The study published in the journal 'Nature Communications' showed the superior therapeutic effectiveness of the 'one-two punch' on cells of ovarian
If you have a protruding belly that just won't go, you should definitely use this trick.
Kids who were vaccinated against chickenpox had a 78% lower risk of developing shingles, the researchers said.
John Cornes likene
The ketogenic diet (or keto for short) isnt meant to be a forever diet. If youve been on the low-carb eating plan for a bit, you may be wondering if its time for a change. Here are eight signs that may be true, and three diets to consider next.
Pima Animal Care Center received a call that several animals that had possibly been exposed to rabies from a rabid skunk in Amado.
(Reuters Health) - Too little sleep - or too much - can be tied to problems with blood sugar levels, not just in people with diabetes but also in people at high risk for developing the disease, a new study finds.
The Bergen County Jail is under quarantine after at least five inmates were diagnosed with the mumps.
Washington [USA], June 9 (ANI): The kind of food one eats and even the order in which it is consumed can affect the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
There's no silver bullet for eating right. A study in which people were hooked up to glucose monitors shows how every body is different.
Popular magazines featuring older pregnant celebrities on their covers with no mention of the risks attached to it, contribute to women's belief that they can safely put off pregnancy until later ages, a recent study suggests.The findings have shown
There is no threat for tourists traveling currently in Uganda. Future visitors planning a trip to this East African country should yet not consider
Washington DC [USA], June 11 (ANI): Physical activity in early childhood may affect cardiovascular health later in life, a recent study suggests.
Scientists have discovered a pattern of molecules that appear in the blood before seizures, which may lead to the development of an early warning system for epilepsy patients.
Daily exposure to light and darkness helps maintain our 24-hour body clock, which regulates metabolism, sleep-promoting hormones, blood pressure, and other bodily functions.
Considerations for the coverage of new higher-cost drugs by health insurance plans for the treatment of diabetes and prevention of kidney disease.
Some foods fuel up your sex drive while some are the most preferred meal post-coitus.
Washington D.C. , June 10 : Increased level of abdominal and thigh fats are related to a higher risk of aggressive prostate cancer, a recent study has claimed.
Health officials have released new details about a hepatitis A outbreak in Martin County, saying it didn't start with a single patient.
The Blood Bank at Kasturba Hospital Manipal celebrated World Blood Donor Day 2019, here on Saturday by felicitating donors, and launching Donor Health Clinic. A release on Monday said that the World B
Washington D.C. , June 10 : The effect of marijuana on our health cant be undermined. It not only increases the risk of various diseases but may also affect the ability to conceive as well.
Vimal, who came into direct contact with the 23-year-old Nipah-infected patient, has been put under observation for 21 days, till the incubation period of the virus ends.
New research from Washington University in St. Louis reveals the molecular machinery behind the high-intensity sweetness of the stevia plant. The results could be used to engineer new non-caloric products without the aftertaste that many associate with sweete
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (KRQE)  As of now, a cure for Alzheimers Disease does not exist, but researchers at the University of New Mexico believe they have found a way to prevent it. I really wanted to
Body fat distribution associated with increased risk of aggressive prostate cancer: Study.
Two espressos against an orphan disease, it is strong of coffee.
Epilepsy seizures, early warning system for epilepsy|, Epilepsy, epilepsy symptoms, epilepsy care, epilepsy cure, epilepsy advanced treatment.
United Nations, Jun 12 (UNI) More than one-in-five people living in conflict-affected areas suffers from a mental illness, according to a new report based on UN figures, prompting the World Health Organisation (WHO) to call for increased, sustained investment
Researches have found that the obese have been more involved in bullying than other groups which significantly leads to behavioural conduct problems.
WASHINGTON, June 10: Inadequate fruit and vegetable consumption may account for millions of deaths from heart disease and strokes each year across
Workplace affects a persons mental health in a significant way, tempering the working capability of a person.
Numbers provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show a small win in a battle Utahns have been losing for decades. The numbers, from 2017, ...
According to the researchers from the University of Virginia in the US, following a healthy diet and lifestyle c
MACON, Ga. -- According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, men, on average, die almost five years earlier than women. We sat down with a Middle Georgia doctor for Men's Health Month. According to menshealthmonth. org, the purpose of the month 
Employee Health Plan Partnered with Midland Health Saves Local Government Agency $30 Million in Health Care Costs
The study showed the superior therapeutic effectiveness of the 'one-two punch' on cells of ovarian cancer patients, based on the manipulation of the state of cellular aging.
A man who lost three of his haemophilia-suffering brothers to HIV after they were given infected blood products as part of their treatment has told an inquiry how he and his loved ones were vilified and branded the &quot;AIDS family&quot;.
Washington: A study has claimed that identification of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) before it develops
Stanford chemists have identified and synthesized two new healing compounds in scorpion venom that are effective at killing staph and tuberculosis bacteria.
The 9th South African Aids Conference kicked off in Durban. This year's event focuses on scientific, social and digital innovations and their potential to co...
In a first, scientists have developed a treatment that can delay type 1 diabetes by two or more years among people who are at high risk. Also Read | Diabetes and the month of fasting The research, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, involved tre
A pattern of molecules appear in the blood before a seizure happens
Globally, the study estimated that more than 2 billion additional people could be at risk for dengue in 2080 compared with 2015 under a warming scenario roughly representative of the worlds current emissions trajectory.
They have found that an enzyme plays a major role in determining the ability of cells to detect and respond to the hormone insulin
BP control, sodium intake reduction and trans fatty acid elimination may prevent nearly 100 million global deaths within a 25-year period, according to a study published in Circulation.&ldquo;Focusing our resources on the combination of these three interventi
Studies have demonstrated that phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibition is associated with right ventricle (RV) functional improvement in patients with primary pulmonary hypertension.Preventive vasodilator drugs like Viagra in patients with LVAD implantation inc
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force gave PrEP a grade A recommendation, meaning insurers will now be obligated to cover the medication at no cost to their policyholders.
Cholesterol is present in every cell of the body and is important in digesting foods, generating Vitamin D, building cell walls and producing some hormones. While it is needed for good health, too much cholesterol can damage your arteries and increase the ris
In March 1997, Katie Couric was the famous anchor on the Today Show across the US, a mother of two daughters, and the wife of Jay Monahan.  Jay was a 41-year-old health conscious lawyer.  Jay suddenly received a diagnosis of colon cancer.
An unhealthy, inflamed gut can drive breast cancer to become much more invasive and promote the spread of the disease to other parts of the body.
Establishing simple routines could help 'night owls' adjust their body clocks
Now a new study has also linked sleep to quality of nutrition, indicating that the quality of sleep may be linked to presence or absence of essential vitamins and minerals in a person's diet.
Maintenance of lower blood sugar levels plays a major role in minimizing long-term diabetes complications in patients with diabetes. The long-term complications include kidney damage, nerve damage, eye problems, and an increased risk ofheart disease.
Men also suffer postnatal depression after the birth of their baby
Washington D.C. [USA], June 11 (ANI): Patients getting treated for locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are at a risk of heart attack and heart failure, a recent study has observed.
More than 400,000 extra flu vaccines are set to arrive for the Australian public following a heavy demand for the flu jab.
The researchers used oyster mushrooms because they offer a cheap, safe and readily available source of vitamin D that is easily absorbed by the body.
CHANDIGARH: Health Minister Anil Vij said June would be observed as anti-malaria month in the state and July as anti-dengue.
From the pulp and seeds to the leaf, one can eat any part of the papaya plant to reap its benefits. According to some experts, papayas can also be a fruitful addition to a diabetes diet.
Dr Keshava R explains the role of aspirin in preventing cardiovascular disease and its side effects if used as a primary prevention drug for cardiovascular disease.
From 10-16 June, men's health is celebrated all over the world to remind them to put their health first and take better care of themselves.
Washington D.C. [USA], June 12 (ANI):  A recent study claims that more men go through plastic surgery to boost their confidence and improve physical appearance, in comparison to women.
New York City health officials have shut down a 10th school in the effort to stem the measles outbreak.
The Pakistan Medical Association (PMA) has blamed quack doctors practicing without training and professional certification for an alarming rise in the number of HIV positive patients in the country, the media reported on Wednesday.
Altering the microbiome priming had dramatic effects in the body, priming the cancer to spread
Private and commercial companies are being influenced by the U.S. Task Force to cover Truvada without any costs from consumers.
Deliberations on fighting AMR and formulating an action plan were held at a two-day national workshop which was jointly-organised by the CSE, based in New Delhi, and the Department of Health and Family Welfare, Kerala.
A meticulous new study reports that almost 3 million people who die from stroke and heart disease do so because of not eating enough fruit and vegetables.
The researchers used questionnaire data from 43,722 women in the Sister Study, which examines risk factors for breast cancer and other diseases.
Surveys are often used to understand how people use their smartphone, but these are poorly related to actual smartphone use when measured with an app. 
Silicon Valley health startup uBiome is in hot water on the heels of an FBI raid in April.Founded in 2012, uBiome raised $105 million from investors on the
Make sure to eat plenty of fresh food.
Certain brain regions in humans show stronger preference for sounds with pitch than macaque monkey brains
Vitamin D and estrogen have already shown well-documented results in improving bone health in women. A new study from China suggests that this same combination could help prevent metabolic syndrome, a constellation of conditions that increases the risk of hea
Type 1 diabetes develops when the immune system's T cells mistakenly destroy the body's own insulin-producing beta cells. The Teplizumab drugs targets cells to lessen the destruction of beta cells.
The study will be presented at the meeting, 'Nutrition 2019' in Baltimore, and showed an analysis of more than 850 elementary school children.
Losing weight and getting rid of abdominal fat is quite tough and can take a longer period of time but you should not get discouraged and ignore the same as that bulging belly can be dangerous to your health. Some belly fat is normal but if you have too much,
Seven Amado residents are going through a series of rabies shots after they were exposed to rabid kittens.
World Blood Donor Day is celebrated every year by the people in many countries around the world on...
Earlier last week, a 23-year-old man in Kerala tested positive for the deadly Nipah virus  a virus classified as a zoonotic disease by the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare.
A conventional keto diet may help you lose weight, but it's terrible for the planet. Meet eco-keto, keto's more sustainable cousin.
There is new hope for Hepatitis B patients - one man was cured after he stopped his medication. The alternative method of treatment was used at a clinical tr...
Also as of June 10, there were 588 confirmed cases of measles in New York City since September 2018.
Press release - Coherent Market Insights - Telmisartan Market 2019 | Develop Rapidly by Top Players Medtronic Plc., General Electric Company, C. R. Bard, Inc., ConvaTec Group plc. Smith Medical, Inc., KindWell Medical Equipment Co.,Ltd, Royax, Fuji Systems Co
John Cornes is one of six brothers infected by contaminated blood through NHS transfusions.
Over half of all delayed deaths, and two-thirds of deaths delayed before 70 years, are projected to be among men.
During pregnancy, consumption of alcohol has been linked to poor growth of the placenta, causing conditions such as fetal growth restriction and low birth weigh..
Researchers say fears over smartphone 'addiction' are based on flawed evidence.
Scientists find metronidazole and levofloxacin are no more potent against helicobacter infections in the state
The study found that physical activity in toddlers as young as three years old benefits blood vessel health, cardiovascular fitness and is key to the prevention of early risk indicators that can lead to adult heart disease.
How an innocent diet turned into a nightmare I almost couldn't escape.
Washington DC , June 10 : A recent study has observed that the chickenpox vaccine not only protects against chickenpox but it also decreases the risk for shingles a painful skin rash with blisters.
There is a need for mental health support for people who live in long-term war zones as their numbers are significantly higher.
This means that exist
Microgreens: a tiny, nutritional, easy-to-grow crop all year.
Health officials are investigating a possible mumps outbreak at the Harris County Jail after several inmates are showing symptoms of the virus. Test results ...
The Ebola outbreak that has infected more than 2,000 people in the Democratic Republic of Congo has now spread outside the country, the World Health Organization announced Tuesday.
"It would be equivalent to about 3,700 miles driven by an average passenger vehicle"
The 9th South African AIDS Conference is underway in Durban. Courtesy of #DSTV403
Previous studies have shown that obesity is associated with an elevated risk of advanced prostate cancer and a poorer prognosis after diagnosis.
Science News: A widely-used anti-malaria drug may help prevent hearing loss caused by heredity and genetic disorders, a study has found. Researchers from Case Weste
Enrique Galvan was bullied because of the tumours hanging from his body - until a team of surgeons stepped in.
Key to good health, wellbeing: 2 hours a week with nature - Social News XYZ
Among various vitamin deficiencies, one of the most common deficiencies these days is of vitamin B 12.
Whats so bad about processed foods? Scientists offer clues
Bind uses this slide deck to explain its "on-demand health insurance" to employers looking for new ways to cover healthcare for their workers.
These drugs will attack cancer cells in the body without damaging surrounding healthy ones.
Older adults with low circulating vitamin K levels were nearly 1.5 times more likely to develop mobility limitation and nearly twice as likely to develop mobility disability compared to those with sufficient levels.
State and local public health officials are reminding Montanans to take steps to avoid mosquito bites and prevent infection with West Nile Virus
The U.N. World Health Organization says hundreds of HIV positive children in Pakistan cannot get treatment because there are not enough antiretroviral drugs in the country. The children are in Larkana, a poverty-stricken district in southern Sindh province, w
On the International Mens Health Week 2019, here are 7 numbers and 5 statistics every man and policy-makers and service-providers need to know.
An urgent review of hospital food has been ordered following the deaths of five people that have been linked to listeria poisoning in sandwiches and salads served at NHS hospitals. Public Health...
Grandparents and parents at Yeshiva Torah VYirah in Williamsburg were surprised to learn the school shut down and remained closed Friday; CBS2's Natalie Dud...
Spending at least two hours a week in nature may be a crucial threshold for promoting health and wellbeing, according to a new large-scale study.
Washington D.C. [USA], June 14 (ANI): A new survey has revealed that pain due to rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases (RMDs) impacts the mental health of people and they are more likely to have suicidal thoughts.
West Nile Virus, in its worst form, can cause paralysis or death. San Joaquin County officials are reminding everyone to protect themselves from mosquitoes. ...
The average person eats many more calories than they did 50 years ago -- equivalent to an extra...
The grant has been given by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to increase the availability of measles and rubella (M&R) vaccines in low and middle-income countries (LMICs)
Students at Fivay High School should get vaccinated if they've been exposed to the illness. Also, 20 Democrats qualify for the first presidential debate, and...
Published in the European Journal of Preventive Cardiology, the study shows that obese four-year-old kids have a doubled risk of high blood pressure by age six.
Published today in the Lancet, the study showed that each method had high levels of safety and effectiveness in preventing pregnancy, with all methods well-accepted by the women using them.
The governor says he wants to increase access to getting children vaccinated.
A new research has found that gut microbes produce two enzymes that can convert the common type A into a more universally accepted one, which can revolutionise blood transfusions.
Culminating a 33-year odyssey, scientists this week reported a milestone in type 1 diabetes: evidence that it can be held off. At the American Diabetes Association meeting in San Francisco, California, and in The New England Journal of Medicine , researchers 
The approach is based on the theory that slow eating and excessive physical exertion, both hallmarks of anorexia, are
Washington D.C. , June 13 : Ever wondered why some cannabis users develop an addiction while others dont? Well, a recent research has the answer. The study has claimed that a shift from reward-driven use to habit-driven use is what makes the users addicted to
Sleep apnea can put you at risk for many health problems, including blindness; CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez reports.
The boy was accompanied by his Ugandan father and Congolese mother, who had returned to Congo to nurse her father before he died of Ebola.
Vitamin D metabolites may help stop cancer cells developing resistance to chemotherapy, finds a new study.The study has been published Drug Metabolism and Disposition, a journal of the American Society of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
Talking about sexually transmitted infections makes some of us uncomfortable, but health officials are now hoping that their research will be a wakeup call f...
A new study says&nbsp;if you change your red-meat eating habits, you could live a longer life.&nbsp;
From day care to high school and summer camp, a new law passed by the New York State Legislature bans religious exemptions for vaccinations. But it may be to...
According to researchers from Trinity College Dublin more than one fourth of adults over 50 years of age have deficiency of vitamin D.The research showed that over half (57%) had inadequate serum vitamin D levels, of which 26% were classed as vitamin D defici
Pregnant Woman Given HIV-Infected Blood at Govt Hospital in Tamil Nadu A pregnant woman was given blood transfusion with HIV-infected blood at a government h...
The research, published in JAMA Internal Medicine, has found an association between exposure to artificial light at night while sleeping, and weight gain in women.
A rather unappetising feast of studies have linked red meat to ill health and an early death, with processed meat singled out as being particularly dangerous. The saturated fat content of red meat...
It's tick season and the awareness for illnesses like Lyme disease is growing.
Men's bodies changes due to ageing and parenting in 30s & 40s, and that's when they want the Daddy-Do-Over.
Four people in three states developed sepsis after receiving bacteria-contaminated platelet transfusions between May and October last year, according to a US government report released Thursday. One of the four patients died.
"Would you like cake or broccoli?" If you ask a child under the age of 3, the answereight times out of 10will be broccoli.
Contrary to popular perception, researchers have found that evening exercise is as good as a...
More than 40% of black men and women have high blood pressure. " Subscribe to KARE 11: https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=kare11 " Watch mo...
The New York City Health Department closed two more Williamsburg yeshivos for failing to comply with measles-related orders, but the yeshivos are saying th
Young children tend to respond to questions of choice with the option presented last, according to the results of a new UC Irvine study.
Laura Worsley, 35, and her husband David, had been trying unsuccessfully for a family since 2008, before their hope of a child became a reality
New medical imaging technique 3D tissue imaging technique called X-ray histotomography shall take CT scanning and diagnosis to the next level, assert researchers. To diagnose and treat diseases like cancer, scientists and doctors must understand how cells res
Over 220 cases of salmonella have been reported in the past month in outbreaks spanning 41 states, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Thursday, and the agency believes that backyard poultry is to blame.
Smoking may increase the risk of developing hypertension by impairing the body's blood pressure autocorrect system, warn researchers.
'Clean eating' or 'healthy diet' are subjective terms. While most people understand eating home-cooked food and eating local, real, organic, and plant-based diet as 'clean', some people also avoid other foods.
There are now confirmed cases of the mumps at chicken pox at the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Contract Detention Facility in Aurora. Matt Mauro r...
A smartphone app-based therapy can help anorexic people restore their eating habits and regain normal body weight, scientists say.
A new study has said indicated that the relationship between our diet and its components, and the bacteria in our gut, is more complex that we may have thought earlier.
Six inmates and at least one staff member at the Harris County jail have contracted mumps. The Harris County Sheriff's Office said at least 300 inmates are q...
According to the Alzheimers Association, 5.8 million Americans are living with Alzheimers. This number is projected to skyrocket to 14 million people by 2050.
Uttar Pradesh, a new drug in UP, a new drug to fight the multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, new anti-TB drug, drug from the union government
Lisa Quarrell uses the oil to treat six-year-old Coles crippling seizures and her story was featured in a BBC documentary on Wednesday.
The average person eats many more calories than they did 50 years ago  equivalent to an extra fast-food burger meal every day  which is causing brain health to decline much faster, a study has found. Also Read | How Internet may be changing your brain The r
The healthcare industry is facing disruption due to accelerating technological innovation and growing demand for improved delivery of healthcare and lower
The U.N. World Health Organization says hundreds of HIV positive children in Pakistan cannot get treatment because there are not enough antiretroviral drugs in the country. The children are in Larkana, a poverty-stricken district in southern Sindh province, w
Smoking may increase the risk of developing hypertension by impairing the body's blood pressure autocorrect system, warn researchers.
Whats so bad about processed foods? Scientists offer clues
There are now confirmed cases of the mumps at chicken pox at the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Contract Detention Facility in Aurora. Matt Mauro r...
The boy was accompanied by his Ugandan father and Congolese mother, who had returned to Congo to nurse her father before he died of Ebola.
West Nile Virus, in its worst form, can cause paralysis or death. San Joaquin County officials are reminding everyone to protect themselves from mosquitoes. ...
A new study says&nbsp;if you change your red-meat eating habits, you could live a longer life.&nbsp;
An urgent review of hospital food has been ordered following the deaths of five people that have been linked to listeria poisoning in sandwiches and salads served at NHS hospitals. Public Health...
According to the Alzheimers Association, 5.8 million Americans are living with Alzheimers. This number is projected to skyrocket to 14 million people by 2050.
From day care to high school and summer camp, a new law passed by the New York State Legislature bans religious exemptions for vaccinations. But it may be to...
Sleep apnea can put you at risk for many health problems, including blindness; CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez reports.
The healthcare industry is facing disruption due to accelerating technological innovation and growing demand for improved delivery of healthcare and lower
Contrary to popular perception, researchers have found that evening exercise is as good as a...
Laura Worsley, 35, and her husband David, had been trying unsuccessfully for a family since 2008, before their hope of a child became a reality
Grandparents and parents at Yeshiva Torah VYirah in Williamsburg were surprised to learn the school shut down and remained closed Friday; CBS2's Natalie Dud...
The average person eats many more calories than they did 50 years ago -- equivalent to an extra...
Washington D.C. [USA], June 14 (ANI): A new survey has revealed that pain due to rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases (RMDs) impacts the mental health of people and they are more likely to have suicidal thoughts.
Vitamin D metabolites may help stop cancer cells developing resistance to chemotherapy, finds a new study.The study has been published Drug Metabolism and Disposition, a journal of the American Society of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
Bind uses this slide deck to explain its "on-demand health insurance" to employers looking for new ways to cover healthcare for their workers.
Among various vitamin deficiencies, one of the most common deficiencies these days is of vitamin B 12.
A new research has found that gut microbes produce two enzymes that can convert the common type A into a more universally accepted one, which can revolutionise blood transfusions.
These drugs will attack cancer cells in the body without damaging surrounding healthy ones.
Men's bodies changes due to ageing and parenting in 30s & 40s, and that's when they want the Daddy-Do-Over.
Science News: A widely-used anti-malaria drug may help prevent hearing loss caused by heredity and genetic disorders, a study has found. Researchers from Case Weste
Key to good health, wellbeing: 2 hours a week with nature - Social News XYZ
From the pulp and seeds to the leaf, one can eat any part of the papaya plant to reap its benefits. According to some experts, papayas can also be a fruitful addition to a diabetes diet.
The grant has been given by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to increase the availability of measles and rubella (M&R) vaccines in low and middle-income countries (LMICs)
A smartphone app-based therapy can help anorexic people restore their eating habits and regain normal body weight, scientists say.
The approach is based on the theory that slow eating and excessive physical exertion, both hallmarks of anorexia, are
Older adults with low circulating vitamin K levels were nearly 1.5 times more likely to develop mobility limitation and nearly twice as likely to develop mobility disability compared to those with sufficient levels.
'Clean eating' or 'healthy diet' are subjective terms. While most people understand eating home-cooked food and eating local, real, organic, and plant-based diet as 'clean', some people also avoid other foods.
Lisa Quarrell uses the oil to treat six-year-old Coles crippling seizures and her story was featured in a BBC documentary on Wednesday.
Uttar Pradesh, a new drug in UP, a new drug to fight the multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, new anti-TB drug, drug from the union government
More than 40% of black men and women have high blood pressure. " Subscribe to KARE 11: https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=kare11 " Watch mo...
Students at Fivay High School should get vaccinated if they've been exposed to the illness. Also, 20 Democrats qualify for the first presidential debate, and...
It's tick season and the awareness for illnesses like Lyme disease is growing.
Enrique Galvan was bullied because of the tumours hanging from his body - until a team of surgeons stepped in.
The New York City Health Department closed two more Williamsburg yeshivos for failing to comply with measles-related orders, but the yeshivos are saying th
The governor says he wants to increase access to getting children vaccinated.
Six inmates and at least one staff member at the Harris County jail have contracted mumps. The Harris County Sheriff's Office said at least 300 inmates are q...
Over 220 cases of salmonella have been reported in the past month in outbreaks spanning 41 states, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Thursday, and the agency believes that backyard poultry is to blame.
Washington D.C. , June 13 : Ever wondered why some cannabis users develop an addiction while others dont? Well, a recent research has the answer. The study has claimed that a shift from reward-driven use to habit-driven use is what makes the users addicted to
Young children tend to respond to questions of choice with the option presented last, according to the results of a new UC Irvine study.
The average person eats many more calories than they did 50 years ago  equivalent to an extra fast-food burger meal every day  which is causing brain health to decline much faster, a study has found. Also Read | How Internet may be changing your brain The r
Culminating a 33-year odyssey, scientists this week reported a milestone in type 1 diabetes: evidence that it can be held off. At the American Diabetes Association meeting in San Francisco, California, and in The New England Journal of Medicine , researchers 
Pregnant Woman Given HIV-Infected Blood at Govt Hospital in Tamil Nadu A pregnant woman was given blood transfusion with HIV-infected blood at a government h...
Four people in three states developed sepsis after receiving bacteria-contaminated platelet transfusions between May and October last year, according to a US government report released Thursday. One of the four patients died.
State and local public health officials are reminding Montanans to take steps to avoid mosquito bites and prevent infection with West Nile Virus
According to researchers from Trinity College Dublin more than one fourth of adults over 50 years of age have deficiency of vitamin D.The research showed that over half (57%) had inadequate serum vitamin D levels, of which 26% were classed as vitamin D defici
New medical imaging technique 3D tissue imaging technique called X-ray histotomography shall take CT scanning and diagnosis to the next level, assert researchers. To diagnose and treat diseases like cancer, scientists and doctors must understand how cells res
A new study has said indicated that the relationship between our diet and its components, and the bacteria in our gut, is more complex that we may have thought earlier.
"Would you like cake or broccoli?" If you ask a child under the age of 3, the answereight times out of 10will be broccoli.
Spending at least two hours a week in nature may be a crucial threshold for promoting health and wellbeing, according to a new large-scale study.
Talking about sexually transmitted infections makes some of us uncomfortable, but health officials are now hoping that their research will be a wakeup call f...
On the International Mens Health Week 2019, here are 7 numbers and 5 statistics every man and policy-makers and service-providers need to know.
Published today in the Lancet, the study showed that each method had high levels of safety and effectiveness in preventing pregnancy, with all methods well-accepted by the women using them.
Published in the European Journal of Preventive Cardiology, the study shows that obese four-year-old kids have a doubled risk of high blood pressure by age six.
The research, published in JAMA Internal Medicine, has found an association between exposure to artificial light at night while sleeping, and weight gain in women.
A rather unappetising feast of studies have linked red meat to ill health and an early death, with processed meat singled out as being particularly dangerous. The saturated fat content of red meat...
Don't ignore the brain - take care of the grey cells like the way you you take care of your heart.
A recent study contradicts the belief that applying braces to turn crooked teeth into a beautiful smile will boost one's self-confidence.
Researchers have developed a  virtual biopsy  device that can distinguish between healthy skin and different types of skin lesions and carcinomas.
There was a superbug in these fecal transplants and that is not super at all.
The U.N. World Health Organization says hundreds of HIV positive children in Pakistan cannot get treatment because there are not enough antiretroviral drugs in the country. The children are in Larkana, a poverty-stricken district in southern Sindh province, w
Smoking may increase the risk of developing hypertension by impairing the body's blood pressure autocorrect system, warn researchers.
Whats so bad about processed foods? Scientists offer clues
None
While postpartum depression in mothers is a common phenomenon and a certainly highlighted one, depression in dads is very real too. In fact, it affects somewhere between 2%  25% of men either during their partners pregnancy period, or within the first year 
Science News: A study debunked all previous theories that red meat is the only food which has a great impact on cholesterol. The researchers found out that even whi
There are now confirmed cases of the mumps at chicken pox at the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Contract Detention Facility in Aurora. Matt Mauro r...
The boy was accompanied by his Ugandan father and Congolese mother, who had returned to Congo to nurse her father before he died of Ebola.
West Nile Virus, in its worst form, can cause paralysis or death. San Joaquin County officials are reminding everyone to protect themselves from mosquitoes. ...
A new study says&nbsp;if you change your red-meat eating habits, you could live a longer life.&nbsp;
According to the Alzheimers Association, 5.8 million Americans are living with Alzheimers. This number is projected to skyrocket to 14 million people by 2050.
From day care to high school and summer camp, a new law passed by the New York State Legislature bans religious exemptions for vaccinations. But it may be to...
A US Special Operations Command official said a ketogenic diet may help elite troops like Navy SEALs perform at their highest levels on missions.
Contrary to popular perception, researchers have found that evening exercise is as good as a...
Laura Worsley, 35, and her husband David, had been trying unsuccessfully for a family since 2008, before their hope of a child became a reality
Grandparents and parents at Yeshiva Torah VYirah in Williamsburg were surprised to learn the school shut down and remained closed Friday; CBS2's Natalie Dud...
The average person eats many more calories than they did 50 years ago -- equivalent to an extra...
Washington D.C. [USA], June 14 (ANI): A new survey has revealed that pain due to rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases (RMDs) impacts the mental health of people and they are more likely to have suicidal thoughts.
Vitamin D metabolites may help stop cancer cells developing resistance to chemotherapy, finds a new study.The study has been published Drug Metabolism and Disposition, a journal of the American Society of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
We got a look at the slide deck of a startup that's raised $70 million to upend the way we pay for healthcare
Among various vitamin deficiencies, one of the most common deficiencies these days is of vitamin B 12.
An increase in the fat mass and body mass index (BMI) is directly linked to increased risk of blood vessel diseases.
These drugs will attack cancer cells in the body without damaging surrounding healthy ones.
Men's bodies changes due to ageing and parenting in 30s & 40s, and that's when they want the Daddy-Do-Over.
Science News: A widely-used anti-malaria drug may help prevent hearing loss caused by heredity and genetic disorders, a study has found. Researchers from Case Weste
As chronic wasting disease strikes animals across a widening territory, concern is growing among scientists and public health officials that the disease might leap to humans.
Key to good health, wellbeing: 2 hours a week with nature - Social News XYZ
From the pulp and seeds to the leaf, one can eat any part of the papaya plant to reap its benefits. According to some experts, papayas can also be a fruitful addition to a diabetes diet.
The grant has been given by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to increase the availability of measles and rubella (M&R) vaccines in low and middle-income countries (LMICs)
Older adults with low circulating vitamin K levels were nearly 1.5 times more likely to develop mobility limitation and nearly twice as likely to develop mobility disability compared to those with sufficient levels.
'Clean eating' or 'healthy diet' are subjective terms. While most people understand eating home-cooked food and eating local, real, organic, and plant-based diet as 'clean', some people also avoid other foods.
NYS end religious exemptions for vaccinations
Lisa Quarrell uses the oil to treat six-year-old Coles crippling seizures and her story was featured in a BBC documentary on Wednesday.
Uttar Pradesh, a new drug in UP, a new drug to fight the multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, new anti-TB drug, drug from the union government
Two schools in Williamsburg have been closed for violating New York City's policy regarding the measles outbreak.
More than 40% of black men and women have high blood pressure. " Subscribe to KARE 11: https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=kare11 " Watch mo...
Students at Fivay High School should get vaccinated if they've been exposed to the illness. Also, 20 Democrats qualify for the first presidential debate, and...
Enrique Galvan was bullied because of the tumours hanging from his body - until a team of surgeons stepped in.
MELBOURNE, June 13: The average person eats many more calories than they did 50 years ago -- equivalent to an extra fast-food burger meal every day --
Six inmates and at least one staff member at the Harris County jail have contracted mumps. The Harris County Sheriff's Office said at least 300 inmates are q...
Over 220 cases of salmonella have been reported in the past month in outbreaks spanning 41 states, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Thursday, and the agency believes that backyard poultry is to blame.
Washington D.C. , June 13 : Ever wondered why some cannabis users develop an addiction while others dont? Well, a recent research has the answer. The study has claimed that a shift from reward-driven use to habit-driven use is what makes the users addicted to
Young children tend to respond to questions of choice with the option presented last, according to the results of a new UC Irvine study.
Culminating a 33-year odyssey, scientists this week reported a milestone in type 1 diabetes: evidence that it can be held off. At the American Diabetes Association meeting in San Francisco, California, and in The New England Journal of Medicine , researchers 
Pregnant Woman Given HIV-Infected Blood at Govt Hospital in Tamil Nadu A pregnant woman was given blood transfusion with HIV-infected blood at a government h...
Four people in three states developed sepsis after receiving bacteria-contaminated platelet transfusions between May and October last year, according to a US government report released Thursday. One of the four patients died.
State and local public health officials are reminding Montanans to take steps to avoid mosquito bites and prevent infection with West Nile Virus
Tick season is here, and a moist spring may mean there will be more of them this year. To find out what you need to know to avoid tick-born illnesses when you venture into the...
A rather unappetising feast of studies have linked red meat to ill health and an early death, with processed meat singled out as being particularly dangerous. The saturated fat content of red meat...
Enzymes could increase supplies of universal blood
A study published in the journal BMJ shows that replacing red meat with other protein sources, such as eggs and fish, whole gra
Durham County health officials warn of possible measles exposure
Some experts fear climate change is expanding the distribution of diseases that can sicken or even kill dogs, a risk owners haven't dealt with before.  Subs...
'The surveillance team has to enter the mind of a typical villager from the DRC who knows they&rsquo;re infected and is trying to escape to relatives in Uganda'
This is believed to be the worlds first HIV outbreak where the majority of those affected are kids.
From nuts to leafy greens, these are some foods that are rich in nutritious B vitamins, according to an expert.
For many consumers, working out happens whenever theres a free moment, whether thats early in the morning or later in the evening. While working out
Braces can help you get straight teeth but it may not always bring happiness and self-confidence, a study suggests.
Replacing red meat with other protein sources, such as eggs, fish and whole grains over time may help you live longer.
The most commonly prescribed preventer treatments for asthma contain inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) which, if taken regularly, reduce the severity of the disease and the number of asthma-related deaths.
The approach is based on the theory that slow eating and excessive physical exertion, both hallmarks of anorexia, are evolutionarily conserved responses to the short food supply that can be triggered by dieting and reversed by practising normal eating.
Emma Appleby said she was left "exhausted and drained" by the incident which she said had left her daughter vulnerable.
Every 20 seconds, one Indian suffers a brain stroke, or three every minute, and the numbers are increasing alarmingly due to changing lifestyles.
Increasing red meat consumption, particularly processed red meat, is associated with a higher risk of death, researchers warned.
The average person eats many more calories than they did 50 years ago  equivalent to an extra fast-food burger meal every day  which is causing brain health to decline much faster, a study has found. The research, published in Frontiers in Neuroendocrinolog
musculoskeletal diseases, suicidal tendencies, mental health, impacts of rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases on human mind
Deficiency of this nutrient can lead to mobility issues
Kensley was diagnosed with chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), a cancer thats rarely found in children.
The girl believes the infection may have come through a graze on a toe she nicked while skateboarding.
Students who study more have a lesser probability of heart diseases, says a study.
The study, which was published on Friday in the PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases journal, aims to identify bat species with the potential to host the virus amid the occurrence of the outbreak, twice in two years, in Kerala.
New Delhi, June 29 (ANI): If you are trying to lose weight then watch your sleep pattern. Short sleep duration and a high sleep variability blunt weight loss, finds a study. The study was published in the 'International Journal of Obesity'. The researchers fr
Scientists have discovered an environment-friendly toxin belonging to botox family that selectively targets mosquitos and could reduce malaria.According to the study published in the journal 'Nature Communications' Botox (Botulinum neurotoxins) and
New research suggests that our brains may be addicted to information via a mechanism similar to the one involved in compulsive snacking.
Botox (Botulinum neurotoxins) and the toxin causing tetanus belong to the same family of proteins and are among the most toxic substances known.
A new study has said that Mediterranean diet may promote brain function in those suffering from diabetes.
Every week there are numerous scientific studies published. Heres a look at some of the more interesting ones.
A new study says people who have been living away from green areas for a long time are more vulnerable to dangerous conditions, including hypertension and metabolic syndrome.
Getting help is not easy. But why?
The Dominican Republic&#039;s reputation for Instagrammable beaches and bargain all-inclusive resorts is being eclipsed by reports of tourist deaths. At
The use of antidepressants significantly triggers suicide attempt in adults with major depression, finds a recent study published in the journalPsychotherapy and Psychosomatics. The risk is 2.5 times greater than those who received a placebo.
The researchers used EEG to see for signs of brain activity in a group of brain-injured patients to realise that 15% of them had residual activity, though in comatic state.
Scientists have developed an online high-sensitivity troponin measurement tool which may offer early predict a heart attack in patients visiting the emergency department and subsequent heart attack or death at 30 days. The performance of the tool was document
Smart wearable technology that changes colour heats up, squeezes or vibrates as your emotions are heightened has the potential to help people with affective disorders better control their feelings, suggests a new study.
Not one but several studies have linked sitting in one position for too long with early death.
Sydney, June 29 (IANS) Taking medical selfies and sharing them with a doctor empowers and reassures patients and can improve their relationship with the medical practitioner, a research has found. Healthcare consumers feel this data is valuable, it helps t
immunisation and vaccines for small children, vaccination for adults, mortality is due to infectious diseases, Myths about vaccination
Scientists come up with a groundbreaking research that could help those suffering from baldness.
Researchers use a data-driven approach to identify bat species that could be carriers of the Nipah virus in Kerala.
Village community with district officials after an awareness programme held in Lizutomi village, Zunheboto as part of the Anti-Malaria month. (Photo
WASHINGTON, June 27: Contrary to popular belief, using social media and the internet regularly could improve mental health among adults and help fend off
Machine Learning can help doctors anticipate further progression of the disease
Piperine can be used as therapeutic agent Fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome&nbsp;
Washington D.C. [USA], June 28 (ANI): It is quite difficult to understand emotions but now with the help of a wrist band people can keep a tab on their feelings.
Hyderabad: Onco.com, the worlds first online cancer care platform, has announced it is now providing free cancer consultations for all children below the age of 14 who are suffering from cancer. Said Rashie Jain, Cofounder & CEO, Onco.com: Not many people r
Climate warming may increase malaria risk in colder areas.
Women exposed to triclosan, a chemical often found in soaps and hand sanitizers, may be more likely to develop osteoporosis than women who don't have this exposure, a new study suggests.
Sex workers are 13 times more at risk of becoming HIV positive than the general population globally. But, in Australia, where sex work is decriminalised, we have the same rate of infection as the general population. This is evidence of the importance of the 
How neuromodulation helps patients recover after a stroke.
Researchers have been trying to find a reliable marker for the disease so that people at risk can be identified before the motor symptoms start.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death for women and men worldwide, and acute ST
Washington D.C. [USA], June 29 (ANI): People often think that thirdhand smoke is not harmful, however, it does affect us negatively. Thirdhand smoke can damage epithelial cells in the respiratory system by stressing cells and causing them to fight for surviva
The LATS genes regulate the activity of the tumor suppressor gene p53, known as a master protector of the human genome
Taking supplements to boost your brain and fight dementia may sound like a clever thing to do but could be a waste of money. A report says that there is no convincing evidence that nutritional...
The research, published in the journal Epidemiology, studied 5,531 adults from 28 peri-urban villages near Hyderabad city. (Representational image)
CHANDIGARH:Bariatric surgery provides the most effective long-term solution for weight loss when other methods have failed, said Dr Amit Garg, bariatric and metabolic surgeon, Fortis Hospital, Mohali, while talking to mediapersons here today.
Dimapur, June 28 (EMN): A three-day district-level training of trainers on rotavirus vaccine was held in the Conference hall of the District Hospital, Zunheboto from June 25 to 27th. Rotavirus is t
Dengue: Prevent mosquito bites and dengue with these effective natural mosquito repellents. You must try these!
Diabetes is one of the most common conditions nowadays, and believe it or not, there are tons of people that dont know what caused it or how to deal with it. We decided to put
The health effects of air pollution are serious  one third of deaths from stroke, lung cancer and heart disease are due to air pollution. Nine out of 10 people now breathe polluted air, which kills seven million people each year.  A new study has linked air 
Depression: A study finds that social networking sites like Facebook can help in improving mental health, reduce depression risk. The study challenges most earlier notions which state that social media causes depression, anxiety and stress.
In recent decades, non-invasive
Health and wellbeing coach has launched an initiative to reverse Type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes for people living with the disease.
People suffering from diabetes or prediabetes can include this wonder ingredient in their diet along with any seasonal fruit or salad as they are rich in fibre and leaves you feeling full.
Women smokers, especially those aged under 50, are at a significantly higher risk of a major heart attack than their male counterparts, according to a research.
According to the researchers at University of Sydney and Royal Prince Alfred
By testing a variety of gold nanoparticles, researchers are providing first evidence of their impact upon human B lymphocytes -- the immune cells responsible for antibody production. The use of these nanoparticles is expected to improve the efficacy of pharma
Ever felt a throbbing pain in your head so bad that you couldnt differentiate whether it was a tension headache, sinus or a migraine?
Blame junk food or a lack of exercise. But long before the modern obesity epidemic, evolution made us fat too. Were the fat primates, said Devi Swain-Lenz, a postdoctoral associate in biology at Duke University. The fact that humans are chubbier than chimp
Despite the fact that many women who suffer migraines find that the number and severity of these severe headaches decrease during pregnancy, migraines are now being linked to elevated blood pressure, abortions, caesareans, preterm births and babies with low b
The existing approach for brain stimulation to rehabilitate patients after a stroke does not take into account the diversity of lesions and the individual characteristics of patients' brains, a study has found.
The study was presented at the annual European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE) meeting in Vienna. The study also claimed that those who undergo IVF have 27.1 per cent possibility of the procedure resulting in pregnancy.
A new study has said that consuming sugary and fatty foods in excess may re-model the brain, leading to a pattern of overeating.
Washington: The current approach used for brain stimulation to rehabilitate patients after a stroke does not look into the diversity of lesions and the individual characteristics of the brains of patients, finds a recent study. The study was published in the 
It is always advised to choose a workout that you enjoy, simply because that way it is easier for you to stick to i
Marking the observance of Anti-Malaria Month, the office of the District Vector-Borne Diseases Control Officer will be taking out a jatha in city tomorrow (June 29). The jatha with the theme  Zero Malaria Starts With Me will be flagged off at the Primary H
Consumption of added sugar can lead to weight gain. It is also known to be one of the leading causes of tooth decay in kids. So, researchers are recommending parents to prevent kids from developing a sweet tooth.
How to boost your levels in winter
United Nations, Jun 29 (UNI) The vital work of tracing people infected with deadly Ebola virus disease in north-east Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) is progressing, despite evidence of several massacres in the affected area earlier this month, the UN
Nothing is impossible when smart work aids intelligence.
Teenagers who can put out their negative emotions in precise and nuanced ways are better protected against depression in comparison to their peers, suggests a r..
DDNews, News, National News, Indian News, Sports News
<p>A zero carb diet is a strict method of eliminating all carbohydrates from your diet. When you are following such diets you eat nothing but only primary protein and fat. Carbohydrates are the main source of energy in our system and essentially acts as a fue
Australian scientists have designed miniature video goggles that measure eye movements during vertigo which can help diagnose the type of vertigo a person suffers.
New York, Researchers have developed an Artificial Intelligence-enabled tool which uses Machine Learning (ML) algorithms that will soon play a critical role in predicting heart attacks and other cardi
With diagnosis improving and more awareness among the people, the disease is being detected better.
Research suggests that theres a specific kind of tear that can help enhance weight loss as it reduces the levels of cortisol, a stress hormone linked to excess belly fat.
