It looked like a scene from a sci-fi blockbuster: an astronomer in the Netherlands captured footage of a train of brightly-lit SpaceX satellites ascending through the night sky this weekend, stunning space enthusiasts across the globe.
More than a month after a Crew Dragon was destroyed in a test, NASA and SpaceX investigators are still working to determine the cause of the accident.
An exoplanet smaller than Neptune with its own atmosphere has been discovered in the Neptunian Desert, by an international collaboration of astronomers, with the University of Warwick taking a leading role.
The tech could someday aid crewed Red Planet exploration.
Cosmic rays from a nearby supernova may have led to an uptick in wildfires across the globe by sparking lightning bolts. And those wildfires may have altered our planets ecology at a key moment in h
The Aquarius Reef Base is the only operational permanent underwater research facility in the world.
None
NASA has announced the availability of ICESat-2 global data containing height measurements for regions around the globe, including measurements of the sea ice around Antarctica and glaciers in Gree
A team of astronomers from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research, the Georg August University of Gttingen and Sonneberg Observatory has developed a new sensitive algorithm to search for transiting planets in data from NASAs Kepler Space Telesco
Jupiters Great Red Spot is one of the most iconic features of any planet in our Solar System. The colossal, swirling storm has dominated Jupiter for years, and its one of the things w
The private space industry is giving NASA some ideas on how to turn low Earth orbit  where the International Space Station circulates above our planet  into an area filled with commercial habitats and platforms for future space travelers. Potentially, these
NASAS Hubble Space Telescope snapped this mesmerising picture of the galaxy Messier 59 an astounding 50 million light-years from our home planet.
Between the World Wars, a Glimpse of Starlight Gave Hope for Science
None
May 28, 2019Parts of Alaska's mountainous Brooks Range were likely transported from Greenland and a stretch of the Canadian Arctic much farther to the east, according to a series of Dartmouth-led studies detailing over 300 million years of Arctic geologic hi
Bacteria are everywhere. They live in the soil and water, on our skin and in our bodies. Some are pathogenic, meaning they cause disease or infection. To design effective treatments against pathogens, researchers need to know which specific genes are to blame
Two veteran sailors, from Ukraine and the Bahamas, are at the edge of despair after being stuck on a ship docked at Quebec City that was supposed to set sail...
A team of researchers from the University of Minnesota and University of Massachusetts Amherst has discovered new technology that can speed up chemical reactions 10,000 times faster than the current reaction rate limit. These findings could increase the speed
To find how the Ross Ice Shelf interacts with the ocean, atmosphere and underlying rock, researchers led by Columbia University comprehensively surveyed the shelf.
Researchers from the University of Chicago have found a sample of ancient seawater which they think could be from the last Ice Age because it has the same properties of what it would have been then.
Toronto: Dozens of genes, previously thought to have similar roles across different organisms, are...
The mutual dependencies of many plant species and their pollinators mean that the negative effects of climate change are exacerbated. As UZH researchers show, the total number of species threatened with extinction is therefore considerably higher than predict
Scientists from Skoltech, Moscow State University (MSU) and Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT) have proposed a new approach to replacing carbon atoms with nitrogen atoms in the supercapacitor's crystal lattice and developed a novel capacity enh
US physicist was one of the chief architects of the standard model of particle physics.
Artificial intelligence can help compensate for turbulence as a drone lands, according to the California Institute of Technology. "Complex turbulence is cr
Scientists haven't been sure why some fires produce soot and others don't. The unique nature of microgravity on the ISS allowed the crew to create spherical flames to shed light on the problem.
AN ASTEROID hurtling through space at nearly 26,000mph (41,843kmh) just shot past the Earth today at a distance closer than the Moon, NASAs asteroid trackers have revealed.
Scientists have long sorted cells into different varieties based on their appearance under a microscope or, for differences that are more visually subtle, based on the behavior of a handful of genes. But in a bid to reveal even more distinctive differences an
A decade ago a new idea was brought into the general scientific communityshedding water from condensers was more efficient by using surface tension to make microscopic water droplets "jump" off the surface. The idea took the research community by storm.
Based on the genetic and morphological data, researchers were able to say that the Blotched Rat Snake (Elaphe sauromates) is actually comprised of two different species and includes a cryptic species that has been named after the old kingdom of Urartu.
Researchers at the Fralin Biomedical Research Institute at Virginia Tech Carilion have revealed how a genetic message to produce healthy heart tissue is altered in the body during stress and aging to contribute to sudden cardiac death.
Scientists have found evidence that pairs of stars have been kicked out of their host galaxies. This discovery, made using data from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, is one of the clearest examples of stellar pairs being expelled from their galactic base.
The most mysterious stuff in the universe could hold the very key to understanding it.
Extensive alloying makes material development more dependent on scarce resources. Alloyed materials with complicated compositions are also difficult to synthesize and recycle. With increased alloying, material costs continue to spiral while property enhanceme
Planetary researchers using data from the Shallow Radar (SHARAD) instrument on NASAs Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter have discovered rich deposits of water ice and sand hundreds of million years old beneath the current ice cap in the north polar region of the Re
A new study has used partially fossilised plants and single-celled organisms to investigate the effects of climate change on the Canadian High Arctic wetlands and help predict their future.
Researchers of the Schliesser Lab at the Niels Bohr Institute, University of Copenhagen, have pushed the precision of force and position measurements into a new regime. Their experiment is the first to surpass the so-called "Standard Quantum Limit," or SQL, w
None
Perfect crystals are not necessarily the most useful. Defects in the ordered crystalline structure of metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) could tailor these versatile materials for specific applications.
To give attention to the keen details of this poorly understood fourth state of matter, scientists used ultraviolet cameras and large radio telescopes.
NASA has warned of MONSTER solar storms in the next few years which would have the potential to cripple technology on Earth.
Scientists at Tokyo Institute of Technology and University of Tsukuba demonstrate that polymers could play a key role in the fabrication of single-molecule electronic devices, allowing us to push the boundaries of the nanoelectronics revolution.
For decades, physicists, engineers and mathematicians have failed to explain a remarkable phenomenon in fluid mechanics: the natural tendency of turbulence in fluids to move from disordered chaos to perfectly parallel patterns of oblique turbulent bands. This
A first-of-its-kind data analysis platform is enabling researchers to select the best tool for interpreting the overwhelming amounts of data generated by single-cell research.
Palaeontologists Adun Samathi and Martin Sanderof the University of Bonn, in Germany, andPhornphen Chanthasit of the Sirindhorn Museum worked together to study the remains.
Scientists found that its sequence was comparable in size to that of the human genome
Why would anyone be interested in a material that performs only under such extreme conditions?
Researchers working in the shale beds of Arctic Canada have made a discovery that seems to change drastically how old multicellular life on land is. The team has discovered a fossil of an ancient f
A study carried out by the research group in Ecophysiology and Biotechnology of the Universitat Jaume I of Castelln (UJI), in Spain, working in partnership with scientists from France,
Scientists believe this may be the remains of Mars' long-lost ice caps.
Does eating or drinking from the Stanley Cup pose a public health risk? Let's ask an expert on foodborne illness and cross-contamination.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel for free here: https://sc.mp/subscribe-youtube A drone show featuring 526 unmanned aerial vehicles is lighting up the nightt...
An international team of scientists has unearthed ancient rock samples from the seabed near Laxmi Basin.
A new study led by The University of Western Australia has found the future of the world's coral reefs is under threat from ocean acidification with many corals unable to adapt to the conditions.
Washington D.C. [USA], May 28 (ANI): Scientists have discovered a thermodynamically-reversible chemical reactor that can produce pure hydrogen, thereby eliminating the need for costly separation of the final product.
Stunning footage shows the moment a huge fireball, reportedly the size of a car, lit up the sky over southern Australia.
Gravity exists because the universe is full of 'stuff' here's how it came to be.
Embedded at the ends of chromosomes are structures called telomeres, which in normal cells become shorter as cells divide. Progressive shortening triggers cell proliferation arrest or death. Cancer cells adopt different strategies to overcome this control mec
The mismatched monkey duo made space history.
London, UK (SPX) May 28, 2019 - 
The first study of ultra-small bacteria living in the extreme environment of Ethiopia's Dallol hot springs shows that life can thrive in conditions similar to those thought to have been found on the
Researchers from Swedens Chalmers University of Technology and the University of Gothenburg present a new method which can double the energy of a proton beam produced by laser-based particle acce ...
Their newly developed method enabled them to show how much probable it is to have an electron in a space.
Apples originally evolved in the wild to entice ancient megafauna to disperse their seeds. More recently, humans began spreading the trees along the Silk Road with other familiar crops. Dispersing the apple trees led to their domestication.
The traces of carbon could come from ancient meteorites which hit our planet
Reliance Communications RCom, which is facing insolvency proceedings, Monday reported a consolidated net loss of Rs 7,767 crore in the fourth quarter of 2018-19..
Researchers removed a component of the wood that absorbs heat from the sun, cooling a building passively and providing a sustainable material for construction. They estimated that the processed wood can save up to 20 percent on cooling cost.
Citizen scientists: NASAs OSIRIS-REx mission needs your help choosing its sample collection site on asteroid Bennu ... and your extra eyes to look for whatever else might be interesting.
WATER has been discovered in ice sheets under Mars north pole, US space agency NASA has announced.
(Phys.org) Newly discovered layers of ice buried a mile beneath Mars north pole are the remnants of ancient polar ice sheets and could be one of the largest water reservoirs on the planet, according to scientists at The University of Texas at Austin and the 
NASAs Neutron Star Interior Composition Explorer (NICER), a payload on the International Space Station (ISS), recently released an image of a map of the entire sky in X-rays.
Everything you need to know about how Einstein changed the science of physics, and what the impacts of that were.
Next to rare comets that stay in the sky for days, few other celestial phenomena have invited awe and superstition than a total solar eclipse. Every culture has a myth for the semi-rare event and a
When treated with proanthocyanidins, bioactive compounds derived from the fruits of the American cranberry (Vaccinium macrocarpon), human pathogens Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa become more sensitive to lower doses of antibio
Scientists have discovered about 1,800 new supernovae, or exploding stars
Solar wind, Moonquakes & asteroid impacts are among the plausible theories for what could be causing it.
The heat of summer arrives along with short, permanently twilight nights for the British Isles. The Sun even at midnight never sinking far below the
TEHRAN (Tasnim)  NASAs Curiosity rover has found the highest amounts of clay in any sample taken so far during its mission to Mars.
The video cameras are still a device that can woo people owing to its capability of keeping an eye on human activities for health care, surveillance, home use, and other purposes. However, there are c
This new, simplified soft robot, powered by pressurized air, replaces multiple control systems with one input, that frequently guide these machines.
The photo beat out 168 other entries to win the award
The new research report indicated that water might have once existed on Pluto, which makes this icy ball a potential candidate to find proofs of alien life
Marine biologist Terry Lilley claims bad coral health correlates with erosion.
None
At 'The Age' and 'The Sydney Morning Herald' we will focus on medical research that is peer-reviewed and published in reputable journals.
XPRIZE, the global leader in designing and operating incentive competitions to solve humanitys grand challenges, has announced winners in the $7M Shell Ocean Discovery XPRIZE, a global competition to advance ocean technologies for rapid, unmanned and high-re
Livestock farming is destroying our planet. It is a major cause of land and water degradation, biodiversity loss, acid rain, coral reef degeneration, deforestation  and of course, climate ch
None
Tourism, mining and new settlements are possibilities for our Moon. But what rules and regulations should govern our behavior there?
Scientists studied the fossilized bones of giant beavers to understand what they ate and whether the species could keep up with environmental change.
Dust is a major problem for lunar expeditions. Not only is it harmful to astronaut's health, it also gums up devices and causes technological problems. But now scientists from Germany have come up with an idea to make use of dust: by melting it with a laser a
The University of Colorado Boulders Mountain Research Station, within the Arapaho-Roosevelt National Forest and situated just a few miles west off of Colo. 72, is the jumping-off point for some of
Copyright 2019 NPR. To see more, visit https://www.npr.org.  LULU GARCIA-NAVARRO, HOST:  For many of us, especially those who live in the eastern half of
Behold, the Earth! See live views of Earth from the International Space Station coming to you by NASA's High Definition Earth Viewing (HDEV) experiment. Whil...
Its pretty amazing what can be gleaned from a couple of holes.
It appears that the great storm in the upper atmosphere of Jupiter, the Red Spot, is going through some dramatic changes.
To stay sane during those lonely days, you might just want a good ol' pillow.
The radiation surrounding this star should cause planets' atmospheres to be eaten away, UK researchers say.
Moscow (Sputnik) Jun 02, 2019 - 
The new Russian Soyuz-5 medium-lift launcher will aim at conquering the commercial market, Russian State Space Corporation Roscosmos General Director Dmitry Rogozin said on Friday. 

We have so
Magnetic field images hint at Jupiters internal structure
These researchers believe ancient supernovae might the reason that our ancestors first walked on two legs.
SHARE A new study, published online on May 30th and made by a team of Japanese researchers, reports great discoveries....
Scientists still remain clueless about the mysterious short and long flashes that happen on the moon
None
Several billionaires are investing in new satellites to meet internet demand. But many existing companies in the sector are struggling
Look to the sky this month -- there's a lot going on! Here's a look at what to expect from AccuWeather.
The problem with atoms is that theyre small. Too small. Dont you wish they were... bigger?...
NASA's Spitzer telescope has captured a stunning images of a pair of nebulas containing the star clusters Cepheus B and Cepheus C. The image includes a dense region of dust and gas which acts as a stellar nursery, a nebula which is shaped by winds of maturing
They're Earth-like.
On a sunny afternoon in Dania Beach, a dozen scientists unloaded crates full of corals from a dive boat and onto a pickup truck. They gently removed each piece from large tanks on the deck and placed them inside smaller containers, which were slowly taken ons
Extraterrestrial travel is all the rage: Elon Musk's SpaceX has pledged to put the first humans on Mars. Amazon chief Jeff Bezos has his sights set on the moon. And NASA wants to speed up its plan to send astronauts back into deep space.
None
Were gradually building up a new X-ray image of the whole sky."
The study was conducted on children aged between 8-12 years who were assigned to play three different versions of the game Minecraft.
NASAs return to the Moon has taken another step forward with technicians applying insulation to the final booster segment for the second flight of the SLS.
None
Astronomers fear that SpaceX' satellites, could ruin observation of the skies from telescopes.
A new study from the University of Zurich is the first produce evidence that chimpanzees hunt and eat freshwater crabs on a regular basis.
None
Scientists have been looking into Plutos possibility of having an ocean under its icy (a minus 380 degrees Fahrenheit) surface according to NASAs New Horizon mission. This finding may shed some light on the internal world of Pluto. It has always been thou
A stunning image of Earth taken from the orbital perspective of the International Space Station (ISS) gives a unique glimpse of an everyday phenomenon too easily taken for granted.
This comes a day after 73 problematic papers from CSIR-IITR were found listed on Pubpeer, taking the grand total to 106 papers.


None
Blackhole laboratory confirmed Stephen Hawkings Namesake Theory of Black holes with the help of the Blackhole constructed in their lab...
None
Will Elon Musk's plan to launch 12,000 Starlink satellites - aimed at bringing internet access to the world - interfere with astronomy? Astronomer Guy Ottewell ponders this question.
Each commercial lander will carry NASA-provided payloads that will conduct scientific investigations and demonstrate advanced technologies on the lunar surface.
A ghostly force has blasted a hole in the Milky Way, tossing stars about in its wake.
None
Chinas space programme made history this morning when its Change 4 lunar spacecraft successfully touched down on the moons far side, which has never been explored.
With just over six months to go until the UK leaves the EU, negotiations have reached a critical point.
Scientists in the United States led by a Chinese geologist have made a discovery that could help explain why the Tibetan plateau is a centre for seismic activity and assist in predicting future tremors.
Forty-three fossilised dinosaur eggs have been found in southern China while a road was being upgraded, state media reported.
If you're in stop-go traffic, you're probably pretty unhappy about it. If you're a male penguin balancing an egg on your feet in the freezing Antarctic, that traffic jam is probably keeping you alive.

Constant waves from the Pacific Ocean have eroded the once jagged edges of the glass bottles
China has moved a step closer to creating a supersonic submarine that could travel from Shanghai to San Francisco in less than two hours.
As foxes and coyotes adapt to urban landscapes, the potential for encounters with humans necessarily goes up. A team of scientists is taking advantage of this fact to enlist the eyeballs and fingertips of humansgetting them to report online what they see in 
On April 9, NASA announced Artemis, the new program to return humans to the moon to stay, by 2024. Artemis includes many important firsts, including the first exploration of the only known source of water on the moon, at the lunar south pole.
Elon Musk's plan to bring broadband to rural parts of the globe could come with unintended side effects, the scientists say.
Swiss researchers have shed light on the whys behind the rapid decline of the honey bee with a study focused on the combined effect of two key ...
Would you eat lab-grown insect meat?
Astronomers eager to observe bizarre visitors to our neck of the Solar System were in for a real treat late last month as the rare double asteroid 1999 KW4 made a close pass of Earth 
These exploding stars are about eight billion light years away from Earth!
The famous cat-in-a-box thought experiment by Austrian physicist Erwin Schrdinger is an illustration of one of the defining characteristics of quantum mechanics - the unpredictable behaviour of particles at the quantum level.
Researchers from Rice University in the US created a flexible material that can harvest energy from body movements to power wearable devices and sensors.
It's one of the greatest and longest-running mysteries surrounding, quite literally, our sun: Why is its outer atmosphere hotter than its fiery surface?
The Ultraviolet Imaging Telescope onboard Indias space observatory, AstroSat, has provided an insight into processes at work in the heart of a jellyfish galaxy.Researchers who studied anatomy of a je
Two researchers at Universit de Sherbrooke, in Canada, have recently developed and trained neural belief-propagation (BP) decoders for quantum low-density parity-check (LDPC) codes. Their study, outlined in a paper published in Physical Review Letters, sugge
Astronomers using the Multi Unit Spectroscopic Explorer (MUSE) spectrograph on ESOs Very Large Telescope have directly imaged two still-forming gas giants -- one of which was previously unknown to scientists -- that are gravitationally carving out a large ga
Found: Schrdingers cat, alive and well.
Computer simulations were run to calculate whether a moon orbiting outside the ring system of J1407b caused gaps. It was found they were unli
One of the problems with the majority of robots today is that they can come across feeling cold. This is due to the use of materials, where robots are generally made out of metal. It makes sense to do so, as metal is durable which means that these robots ar
We've learned bees can understand zero and do basic math, and now a new study shows their tiny insect brains may be capable of connecting symbols to numbers.
Poisonous heavy metals contaminating thousands of sites nationwide threaten to enter the food chain, and there's been no easy way to remove them. An experimental chemical bath and electrochemical filter could now extract heavy metals from the soil and leave f
Animals first developed fever as a response to infections: the higher body temperatures primed their immune systems. At the time, 600 million years ago, virtually all animal species were cold-blooded. They had to spend long periods of time in warm areas of th
Institutions, science funders, data repositories, publishers, researchers and scientific societies from all scientific disciplines must work together to ensure all scientific data are easy to find, access and use, according to a new commentary in Nature by me
Computer simulations were run to calculate whether a moon orbiting outside the ring system of J1407b caused gaps. 
The British Journal of Anaesthesias unusual experiment is designed to broaden replicability efforts beyond just methods and results.
A new form of magnetic interaction which pushes a formerly two-dimensional phenomenon into the third dimension could open up a host of exciting new possibilities for data storage and advanced computing, scientists say.
Astronomers have released images of a nascent two-planet system being formed around a young star, a bit smaller than the Sun. It's the first time a duo of planets orbiting the same star have been spotted while still in the making.
In space, no one can hear you ask for directions.
An international team of astronomers reports the detection of gamma-ray pulsations from the millisecond pulsar (MSP) known as PSR J09520607. The finding, available in a paper published May 27 on arXiv.org, sheds more light on the properties of this pulsar an
Researchers have developed an innovative way to print therapeutics in 3D for regenerative medicine.
One key question in evolutionary biology is how novel genes arise and develop. Swedish researchers now show how new genes and functions that are advantageous to bacteria can be selected from random DNA sequences. The results are presented in the scientific jo
After spending a year and a half on the International Space Station, Hewlett Packard Enterprises experimental space supercomputer is now back on Earth  and the company is poised to do an autopsy on the machine. Ultimately, HPE wants to know just how much we
Fostoria dhimbangunmal was a plant-eating dinosaur likely around during the mid-Cretaceous period, around one hundred million years ago.
To certain people, mingling at a party or talking to a crowded room is the stuff of nightmares. Why are some of us hardwired to be shy?
Jonathon McPhetres, a newly minted Ph.D. in psychology from the University of Rochester, admits he's "personally amazed" what we can do with genes, specifically genetically modified foodsuch as saving papayas from extinction.
A BLACK HOLE synthesised by scientists has confirmed Professor Stephen Hawkings theory, it has been announced.
The NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope has captured an amazing new photo of the barred spiral galaxy NGC 7773.
The faster-than-light travel in Star Wars involves some otherworldly acceleration. Here's how to calculate the g-forces of a hyperspace jump.
A new study of Patagonia's ice fields finds that many glaciers in the region are much thicker than previously thought.
Prized worldwide for its high-quality wood and rich flavor of delicious nuts, the Persian walnut (Juglans regia) is an important economic crop. Using genomic data analyzed with phylogenetic and population genetic approaches, researchers have now cracked this 
There was a time when life on Earth almost blinked out. The &quot;Great Dying,&quot; the biggest extinction the planet has ever seen, happened some 250
When NASA launched the Curiosity rover to Mars in 2011, it tasked the little bot with capturing everything it could about the red planet. Now, amidst drilling for samples and the like, the rover has also been enjoying the view, snapping photos of the clouds o
Powerful telescope may yield clues
Palm Beach Photographic Centre (PBPC), today invited the public to two FREE events around the opening of its next major exhibition
Last year scientific circles were abuzz with reports of a galaxy that was claimed to have no dark matter in it. Current theories hold that dark matter is fundamental in causing the collapse of gas 
By adding one more layer of atoms to already infinitesimally small semiconductors, a next-level generation of electrical devices becomes possible. This work to build better and faster electronics is well underway, but little was known about how to test the in
An international study led by the Monash School of Physics and Astronomy has discovered the first observational evidence for the existence of circumplanetary discs.
3-D printers can be used to make a variety of useful objects by building up a shape, layer by layer. Scientists have used this same technique to "bioprint" living tissues, including muscle and bone.
Light is an exceptional external stimulus for establishing precise control over the properties and functions of chemical and biological systems, which is
When the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) offered the public an opportunity to send their names to the Red Planet with its Mars 2020 rover, more than 5.8 million people signed up in just one week.
A clutch of marine fossil specimens unearthed in northern Portugal that lived between 470 and 459 million years ago is filling a gap in understanding evolution during the Middle Ordovician period.
Multiple interactions found in postulated network of faults in the Brawley seismic zone in southern California.
DINOSAURS were covered in feathers at least 100 million years before the first birds took flight, archaeologists at Bristol University has spectacularly announced.
In the 21st century, millions of people got to see, photograph and film a total solar eclipse. With technology so advanced and widely available, in recent years we got to see photos and footage shot
MONTREAL  With the long-awaited launch of Canada's next generation of Earth-observation satellites scheduled for next week, authorities at the Canadian Space Agency are excited about what the RADARSAT Constellation will soon able to provide for Cana
Researchers have developed a new chemical separation method that is vastly more efficient than conventional processes, opening the door to faster discovery of new elements, easier nuclear fuel reprocessing, and, most tantalizing, a better way to attain actini
Children who tend to attribute hostile motives to other people are more likely to display aggression, however, the strength of this relationship varies. A new meta-analysis sought to determine the relation between attributing hostile intent and aggressive beh
Scientific research usually takes months to be published by academic journals, and once it is, many of the papers can only be read by scientists from wealthy institutes that subscribe to the journals. Over the years, there have been various attempts to make r
Researchers have harnessed superconductivity to conceive of a quantum refrigerator that could cool atoms to nearly absolute zero temperatures.
A Concordia biology professor is calling on ant experts to develop a set of common principles that influence the way the insects respond when their habitat undergoes severe disruption.
Researchers have unearthed some deliberatelysharpened toolsthat date from over 2.5 million years ago. These artifacts are changing our understanding of theinventionof tools and showing that our ancestors may have used a variety of basictechnologies.
The survival and fitness of multicellular organisms is tightly associated with their capacity to renew their tissues. This is particularly important for tissues that are permanently exposed to and challenged by the external environment, such as the epithelium
AN ASTEROID hurtling through space at speeds exceeding 13,800mph (22,200kph) will near-miss the Earth later today, NASA's asteroid trackers have revealed.
A new study published this morning in Nature found that a closed-loop digital meditation platform, dubbed MediTrain, helped improve and sustain young adults' attention spans.
Nematic liquid crystals can be oriented in a curious way termed the 'dowser texture', which is sensitive to external conditions. Physicists have now published an article that shows that the dowser texture responds to electric fields in different ways in diffe
A new study demonstrates that the ears of bats come with a 'built-in ambulance' that creates the same physical effect as the sound of an ambulance passing by. Researchers think the study of ear-generated Doppler shifts in bat biosonar could give rise to new s
Some cats showed a more relaxed behavior outdoors when a human was nearby than when on their own.
A new experiment will attempt to explain the strange flashes that appear on the Moons surface.
Two space shuttle veterans will be on Crew Dragon's debut manned flight to ISS & back this year or in 2020.
A group of researchers in USA has devised a new artificial intelligence method that can identify and distinguish between normal cry signals and abnormal ones, such as those resulting from an underlying illness. The method, based on a cry language recognition 
Coming fresh on the heels of the first ever photo of one of the giant objects, which are scattered across the Universe, astrophysicists are now several steps closer to understanding how they form and develop.
Scientists have finally answered the age-old question of whether there is a limit to human endurance. There is, and they've been able to put a number on it.
Scientists have demonstrated a lightweight type of foam made of hollow metallic spheres that can withstand the incredible impact of .50 calibre rounds: the kinds of bullets fired by heavy machine guns and sniper rifles.
New ALMA observations reveal a never-before-seen disk of cool, interstellar gas wrapped around the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way.
Using the Very Large Telescope, a team of ESO scientists took some stunningly clear images of a double asteroid that recently swung by Earth.
NASA has a message for space lovers this month: Look up. The largest planet in the solar system, Jupiter, will be clearly visible June 10  and to see its biggest moons you'll only need to grab a pair of binoculars.
NASAs Mars InSight Lander was always a bit of a tricky endeavour. The stationary lander has one chance to get things right, since it cant move. While initially the mission went well, and the landing site looked good, the Mole is having trouble penetrating d
We know bees get the concept of zero and can do basic math. Now researchers have discovered they may also be capable of connecting symbols to numbers. It's a finding that sheds new light on how numerical abilities may have evolved over millennia and even open
A new study led by researchers at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) and Swansea University Medical School furthers our knowledge of virusesin the sea and on land and their potential to cause life-threatening illnesses. Their findings, which examin
On July 2, 2019 a total solar eclipse will pass over Chile and Argentina, and through a stroke of astronomical luck, the path of totality crosses directly over the National Science Foundations (NSF) Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory located in the foot
Researchers have determined the first-ever complete sequences of two spider glue genes. Spider glue is a modified form of spider silk that keeps a spider's prey stuck in its web, and it could have applications in organic pest control and beyond.

The transition to plate tectonics started with the help of lubricating sediments, scraped by glaciers from the slopes of Earth's first continents, according to new research.
These high-definition, zoom-capable cameras will allow NASA to survey the Martian landscape and produce the photos that will no doubt wow everyone back here on Earth.
Although blood contains a wealth of potential biomarkers of disease, it can be challenging to obtain and analyze. There's the anxiety patients experience when a large needle has to be stuck into a vein, and for many tests, technicians need to separate plasma 
Researchers have given new capabilities to their fleet of robotic boats that let them target and clasp onto each other, and keep trying if they fail.
Astronomers have captured images of young still-forming planets around a very young star. And these images are proving an important hypothesis correct.
Our weekly podcast on the science and technology making the news
Scientists are working on new shields to protect astronauts as they venture out.
Two studies greatly increase the amount of information we have about the peoples who first populated North Americafrom the Arctic to the Southwest U.S.
A team of researchers encoded their specialized knowledge into the computer game Foldit to enable citizen scientists to successfully design synthetic proteins for the first time.
Scientists from RIKEN and the University of California San Diego, in collaboration with international partners have found a way to significantly reduce the amount of energy required by organic light emitting diodes (OLEDs). OLEDs have attracted attention as p
An international team of scientists led by Skoltech professor Tatiana Podladchikova developed a new 3-D method for reconstructing space weather phenomena, in particular, shock waves produced by the Sun's energy outbursts. Their findings can help better unders
Scientists have revealed the torrid, adulterous love lives of the mouth-brooding cardinalfish, with cuckoldry going hand-in-hand with cannibalism of the young.
World View is a company focused on alternative methods of doing some of the work traditionally handled by satellites  but just a bit closer to Earth. Its Stratollites are balloons that can ascend to heights in Earths stratosphere (basically at the edge of
A recent study shows that that the potentially toxin-producing plankton species Pfiesteria piscicida prefers to colonize plastic particles, where they are found in 50 times higher densities than in the surrounding water of the Baltic Sea and densities about t
The three classic physical statessolid, liquid and gaseouscan be observed in any normal kitchen, for example when you bring an ice cube to the boil. But if you heat material even further, so that the atoms of a substance collide and the electrons separate f
Making a splash depends on the angle of a liquid as it hits and moves along a surface, according to a new study from Queen Mary University of London.
An International Space Station LEGO set will be released in 2020 after topping the LEGO Ideas 10-Year Anniversary competition fan vote.
An experiment caught a quantum system in the middle of a jump  something the originators of quantum mechanics assumed was impossible.
Organic foods are increasingly popular -- and pricey. Organic fruits and vegetables are grown without synthetic pesticides, and because of that, they are often perceived to be more healthful than those grown with these substances. But not all foods with this 
To better understand how primates modify their behaviour to adapt to the increasing presence of humans, a research team monitored 17 robust capuchin monkeys for a year and a half.
A gorgeous new photo from the Hubble Space Telescope depicts Messier 90, a spiral galaxy roughly 60 million light-years away from our own Milky Way -- but getting closer.While the image itself is incredible, even more fascinating is the information astronomer
Researchers will produce early warning system for imminent, damaging activity
In 1925, Einstein went on a walk with a young student named Esther Salaman. As they wandered, he shared his core guiding intellectual principle: "I want to know how God created this world. I'm not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this
Most children learn that written numbers represent quantities in pre-school or junior primary school.
AN ASTEROID taller than Big Bens clock tower in London, UK, will come barrelling past our home planet on Friday, NASAs asteroid trackers have revealed.
In nearly 160 cases, researchers failed to give patients a way to opt out of studies.
When the satellites first appeared, many SpaceX fans were thrilled at the sight: Each bright dot of light marched along like illuminated insects in the sky.
A scientific team found the reason why batteries degrade by creating the most detailed images of a battery in history.
The 35-m deep space antenna in New Norcia, Western Australia, is being looked after by a new team, led for the first time by a female site manager, Suzy Jackson.
Hundreds of opal-encrusted bones have been found in the Australian town of Lightning Ridge. These bones belong to a newly discovered dinosaur species Fostoria dhimbangunmal from 100 million years ago.
According to the Mayo Clinic, about 20% of breast cancers make abnormally high levels of a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). When displayed on the surface of cancer cells, this signaling protein helps them proliferate uncontrolla
Scientists have debated for decades whether the propulsion concept known as EmDrive is real or wishful thinking. A sensitive new tool may at last provide an answer.
Without the Higgs, the Standard Model of particle physics comes crashing down.
A MYSTERIOUS hole keeps opening and closing in the middle of Antarctica and scientists have only just began to unravel the decades long mystery.
THE solar minimum could SLOW DOWN climate change in what might be a natural breakthrough in saving the planet.
Researchers at Stanford University say they have found an aquatic highway that lets nutrients from Earth's belly sweep up to surface waters off the coast of Antarctica and stimulate explosive growth of microscopic ocean algae.
Once a water-rich Eden, the hellish planet could reveal how to find habitable worlds around distant stars.
Lake Garda has not yet revealed all of its secrets. This attractive tourist destination, unique for its physical and environmental characteristics, is also a case study for several international research teams. One of these, made up of scientists from the uni
University of Michigan researchers believe they have the answer on sun's super-heating mystery. It may allow scientists to better understand and predict solar weather, which can pose serious threats to Earth's power grid.
None
Scientific research usually takes months to be published by academic journals, and once it is, many of the papers can only be read by scientists from wealthy institutes that subscribe to the journals. Over the years, there have been various attempts to make r
Astronomers eager to observe bizarre visitors to our neck of the Solar System were in for a real treat late last month as the rare double asteroid 1999 KW4 made a close pass of Earth 
It's one of the greatest and longest-running mysteries surrounding, quite literally, our sun--why is its outer atmosphere hotter than its fiery surface? Researchers believe they have the answer, and hope to prove it with help from NASA's Parker Solar Probe.
Researchers have developed an innovative way to print therapeutics in 3D for regenerative medicine.
Laws of physics replace trial and error in new approaches to bioprinting.
None
When NASA launched the Curiosity rover to Mars in 2011, it tasked the little bot with capturing everything it could about the red planet. Now, amidst drilling for samples and the like, the rover has also been enjoying the view, snapping photos of the clouds o
An international team of astronomers reports the detection of gamma-ray pulsations from the millisecond pulsar (MSP) known as PSR J09520607. The finding, available in a paper published May 27 on arXiv.org, sheds more light on the properties of this pulsar an
The Ultraviolet Imaging Telescope onboard Indias space observatory, AstroSat, has provided an insight into processes at work in the heart of a jellyfish galaxy.Researchers who studied anatomy of a je
On April 9, NASA announced Artemis, the new program to return humans to the moon to stay, by 2024. Artemis includes many important firsts, including the first exploration of the only known source of water on the moon, at the lunar south pole.
Cultured insect tissue could combine the planet-saving best of insect farming, GM livestock, labriculture and plant-based meat substitutes.
AN ASTEROID hurtling through space at speeds exceeding 13,800mph (22,200kph) will near-miss the Earth later today, NASA's asteroid trackers have revealed.
A huge discovery that was incompatible with our current theories of dark matter and galaxy formation may have just been resolved.
None
Experiment overturns Bohrs view of quantum jumps, demonstrating that they possess a degree of predictability and when completed are continuous, coherent and even deterministic.
These exploding stars are about eight billion light years away from Earth!
The provocative theory has geologists hotly debating when and why our planet's modern geologic dance kicked into high gear.
NASA's rover has found evidence of clay in the rocks on Mt. Sharp on Mars. The exciting news provides scientists better insights about how Mars was formed over billions of years.
USA-DINOSAURS/ (PIX, TV):T. rex finds a dangerous meal as Smithsonian dinosaur hall reopens
A BLACK HOLE synthesised by scientists has confirmed Professor Stephen Hawkings seismic physics theory, it has been announced.
Bradley Miller is more likely to be hired than Jos Rodriguez. Zhang Wei (David) is more competent than Jamal Banks. And both Miller and Wei are more competent and hirable than Maria Rodriguez or Shanice Banks.
Thanks to quantum mechanics, empty space can both push and suck.
IAU100 NameExoWorlds gives every country in the world the opportunity to name an exoplanet and its host star.
Studying the mechanics of cell migration could help explain how cancer cells spread through the body and settle in bones
NASA scientists made a shocking discovery after using satellite mapping technology on the ice of Antarctica, it was revealed during a book.
(MENAFN - PR Newswire) HOUSTON, June 5, 2019 /PRNewswire/ --Veteran NASA astronaut Michael Good is retiring from NASA after flying two space shuttle
A colossal magnetic field stretching between two clusters of galaxies has been observed for the first time. Roughly a billion light-years away, the 'bridge' of radio-emitting plasma spans 10 million light-years, following a filament in the mysterious
Most neurons have many branching extensions called dendrites that receive input from thousands of other neurons. Dendrites aren't just passive information-carriers, however. According to a new study from MIT, they appear to play a surprisingly large role in n
NASA plans to take new steps later in June to try and resolve a problem with one of the key instruments on the Mars InSight lander.
Astronomers using NASAs Chandra X-ray Observatory have spotted a gigantic CME erupting from the active star HR 9024.
Jun.06 -- A 56-year-old South African marine-salvage master has plans to harness and tow an enormous Antarctic iceberg to South Africa and convert it into mu...
While intense activity such as sunspots and solar flares subside during solar minimum, that doesnt mean the sun becomes dull.
We take it for granted most of the time, but the Sun is mighty important to our very existence. Without it, we wouldn't be here at all, and scientists have worked tirelessly for centuries to learn as much about it as possible. But what we know about our own s
Why astronomers panicked when Starlink went live.
The oak family Fagaceae is thought to have its evolutionary origins in northern temperate forests and Southeast Asia. Wilf et al. now report 52-million-year-old fossils from the Southern Hemisphere belonging to the still-living genus Castanopsis . Hypotheses 
Cells are incredibly adept at creating complex molecules, like therapeutics, and can do so much better than many of our best factories.
NASA plans to return humans to the Moon within the next five years. Thats a tall order and, while many people remain skeptical that the agency can pull it off without the massive increase in
These postdoc job candidates are fictional. But
Evolutionary experiment introduced predators to island ecosystems.
The beauty of math is embedded in nature.
Many infectious viruses, from HIV to West Nile, rely on a fundamental biological process called frameshifting to maximize their attack. Long identified as a key mechanism that viruses use to proliferate inside their hosts, the real-time dynamics of frameshift
When phosphates are scarce, their price goes up
Bones of the Master, Romeo of Darkness, Mr Sinister. These are very good cat names.
The concept of quantum superposition is that a quantum system can exist in two states simultaneously, like Schrdinger's cat, a proverbial pet in a box that is theoretically both alive and dead at the same time, making a random quantum jump to one state, on
This is the best universe simulation, period!
ESA's Planck satellite has found no new evidence for the puzzling cosmic anomalies that appeared in its temperature map of the Universe. The latest study does not rule out the potential relevance of the anomalies but they do mean astronomers must work even ha
A "jumping gene" might be harnessed to help CRISPR insert a string of healthy DNA in place of a disease-causing sequence.
The Mars Helicopter - a small, autonomous aircraft that will demonstrate the viability of heavier-than-air vehicles on Mars - has passed several key tests with flying colors.
Researchers found tiny microplastics in the guts of every sea creature they sampled. What this means for the animals isn't yet clear.
A new research has created an AI device that differentiates between baby cries. It will help parents and medical care workers quickly recognize a baby in distress.
When Pennsylvania-based aerospace company Astrobotic launches its lander to the Moon within the next couple of years, a four-wheeled robot no bigger than a toaster will be along for the ride. The robotic rover, built by Carnegie Mellon University, will help t
The U.K. Space Agency and a local government announced plans June 4 to invest in facilities at a British airport to support launches by Virgin Orbit.
You won't need a telescope to get some incredible views of our solar system's largest planet.
NASA is asking for help soundtracking their astronauts journey to the moon by opening a playlist submission process under #NASAMoonTunes.
Since their invention in the late 1700s when French-born British physicist Denis Papin, the inventor of the pressure cooker, proposed the piston principle, pistons have been used to harness the power of fluids to perform work in numerous machines and devices.
The huge magnetic field which surrounds the Earth, protecting it from radiation and charged particles from spaceand which many animals even use for orientation purposesis changing constantly, which is why geoscientists keep it constantly under surveillance.
Spidey's sticky secrets revealed.
Researchers at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute have come up with a way to manipulate tungsten diselenide (WSe2) a promising two-dimensional materialto further unlock its potential to enable faster, more efficient computing, and even quantum information pro
Scientists have found a way to significantly reduce the amount of energy required by organic light emitting diodes (OLEDs).
Scientists seek out limit to human endurance in terms of human psychology.
You may have seen reports that a massive asteroid the size of a football field is hurtling toward Earth.
The spacecraft's robotic arm will lift the heat probe's support structure, providing a better look at the instrument that has been trying to burrow into the Martian surface.
Princeton University researchers have discovered that learned behaviors can be inherited for multiple generations in C. elegans, transmitted from parent to progeny via eggs and sperm cells. The paper detailing this finding, by Rebecca Moore, Rachel Kaletsky a
Modern science clashes with the idea that the rise of Homo Sapiens was a fluke.
THE UKs space agency is set to team up with NASA in a desperate bid to protect Earth from potentially devastating space weather.
%
New studies by two research teams published today in the journals Nature Ecology and Evolution and Current Biology challenge decades of accepted scientific opinion concerning the evolutionary relationships of tree sloths and their extinct kin. The research te
A team of astronomers has discovered, for the first time, a ridge of plasma emitting radio waves and connecting two galaxy clusters in the process of merging.
In 2007, the amount of methane in the atmosphere (CH4) began to rise after a 7-year period of near-zero growth ([ 1 ][1]). Recent research shows that a second step change occurred in 2014 ([ 2 ][2]). From 2014 to at least the end of 2018, the amount of CH4 in
Los Angeles: Scientists have found what makes the teeth of deep-sea dragonfish transparent, a...
A new study by University of Alberta scientists shows that banded iron formations originated from oxidized iron, confirming the relevance and accuracy of existing modelsa finding of great importance to the geological community.
Spatial separation of active from inactive fractions of the genome in the cell nucleus is crucial for gene expression control. A new study uncovers leading mechanisms of such separation and turns our picture of the nucleus upside down.
These kangaroo-like rats turn up their long, toothless snouts at peanut butter, but they love earthworms.
Halide perovskite solar cells hold promise as the next generation of solar cell technologies, but while researchers have developed techniques for improving their material characteristics, nobody understood why these techniques worked. New research sheds light
Science News: Exoplanets are planets outside our solar system and nearly 4,000 have been discovered till now, said researchers at the University of Lincoln in the U
India News: Nasas efforts to get astronauts to land on the moon by 2024 will now have a key contribution from India. Bengaluru-based private firm Team Indus is p
WASHINGTON: Scientists have developed a new artificial intelligence (AI) based tool that can identify and distinguish between normal cry signals of babies and abnormal ones, such as those resulting from an underlying illness.
US President Donald Trump has left people astonished with his knowledge of space and the universe and has become a laughing stock yet again after he claimed that the moon is a part of Mars. In a tweet on Friday, he said: For all of the money we are spending,
An international team of researchers has finally solved a long-standing cosmic mystery  and to do it, they needed to produce the most detailed black hole simulation ever created.
NASA will allow private citizens to stay at the International Space Station (ISS) for month-long getaways at a cost of about $35,000 per night, the US space agency said on Friday.
By studying people performing in an array of endurance activities, experts say theyve landed on the metabolic limit for how much energy a person can get from food.
The paper posted on June 5 fills that lacuna as it has dealt with current-voltage characteristics in gold-silver nanostructures with regard to superconductivity.
We can't see this black hole, but observations have detected some of its effects like a sphere of superheated gas. A new study has now revealed the other side of the coin, a ring of comparatively cool gas around the black hole.
Good news for stargazers! Theres something extravagant show in store as the gas giant Jupiter will be the closest to our planet later this month. During the event, the biggest planet in the solar system will be visible to the naked eye in the night sky.
We wish our siblings were this willing to save us from sneaky predators. New research suggests that desert harvester ants (Veromessor pergandei)charge into spider webs to rescue their trapped siblings and nestmates that 
The little chopper is designed to show that aerial exploration is possible on Mars.
Seagrasses form the basis of one of the most productive ecosystems of the world, providing food and shelter to a diverse community of animals.
Exoplanet discoveries seem to be rolling in practically every day now; were getting really good at discovering alien worlds orbiting alien stars. The count right now stands at about 4,000 such planets discovered, which is incredible, given that the first one
The astronauts have stated that while small mishaps are always part of the test process, they remain optimistic of the benefits that new technology has brought to spaceflight.
Another asteroid's coming our way. But don't worry. Nothing's going to happen to global civilization, even though this asteroid is on the "Risk List."
A new campaign headed by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) called IAU100 NameExoWorlds will allow each country in the world to name a star and its exoplanet, the IAU announced yesterday.
The blue glowing jets of science-fiction spacecraft came a step closer to reality on Wednesday as US physicists unveiled the worlds first solid-state aeroplane with no moving parts, powered in flight by supercharged air molecules.
A new study has uncovered that even the slightest stress can set off tidally triggered earthquakes.Years ago, scientists realised that earthquakes along with mid-ocean ridges and underwater mountain ranges at the edges of the tectonic plates are
The neighborhood surrounding the Milky Ways supermassive black hole is bustling with cosmic and gaseous activity, however, astronomers have not been able to capture most accreting gas movement. Now, newAtacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array 
Telangana Today English Daily
A groundbreaking image of the swirling maelstrom of gases around the closest supermassive black hole to Earth has been released, with astronomers hoping it could help unlock some of the secrets of 
Spectrographic analysis yields empirical benchmark for newborn 'hot Jupiter'.
Data from satellites have verified ground-based data about global warming over the past 15 years.
Our solar system's largest planet, Jupiter will be in our line of sight like nothing else, according to NASA. On June 10, later tonight, Jupiter reaches the point of opposition, which means Earth will be between Jupiter and Sun in a straight line. You can see
A common genetic deficiency empowers glioblastoma to broadcast a molecular message to the wrong type of immune cell, summoning macrophages that protect and nurture the brain tumor instead of attacking it, researchers report.
You've heard about the International Space Station for years. Want to visit?NASA announced Friday that the orbiting outpost is now open for business to private citizens, with the first visit expected to be as early as next year. Long-distance trip
The human family tree has acquired a new branch with the unearthing of a previously unknown species of human that lived on an island in todays Philippines some 50,000 years ago.
A new study researching the limits of human endurance has found that one of the hardest things the human body can handle, even including ultra marathons, is pregnancy.
Off-target RNA mutation induced by DNA base editing and its elimination by mutagenesis
The vast subtropical "gyreslarge systems of rotating currents in the middle of the oceanscover 40 percent of the Earth's surface and have long been considered biological deserts with stratified waters that contain very little nutrients to sustain life.
Two theoretical physicists at the University of California, Davis have a new candidate for dark matter, and a possible way to detect it. They presented their work June 6 at the Planck 2019 conference in Granada, Spain and it has been submitted for publication.
Machine learning has the potential to vastly advance medical imaging, particularly computerized tomography (CT) scanning, by reducing radiation exposure and improving image quality.
A research group from Ruhr-Universitt Bochum has investigated how acids interact with water molecules at extremely low temperatures.
Replenishing venom takes time and energyso it pays to be stingy with stings.
Two baby planets have been spotted forming around a distant young star called PDS 70. The two planets are growing into gas giants, and one of them came as a complete surprise. Astronomers were expecting to see one planet called PDS 70b. The surprise was findi
US President Donald Trump tweeted on Friday that NASA should stop talking about going back to the...
YELLOWSTONE volcano can plunge the entire North American continent into a volcanic winter of death and misery if another caldera-forming eruption goes off in the foreseeable future  but what are the odds of Yellowstone erupting again?
Researchers have shown how millions of years of climate change affected the range and habitat of modern birds, suggesting that many groups of tropical birds may be relatively recent arrivals in their equatorial homes.
Plant scientists have discovered a gene that they hope can be used to widen a nutrient trafficking bottleneck and potentially increase crop yields.
Around 1.2 billion years ago, the biggest asteroid ever to hit the British Isles is thought to have slammed into Earth.Now, experts have identified where the exact impact point may have lain hidden this whole time.
Hubble has done it yet again!
EARTHS orbit may one day need to be altered to escape from being devoured by its dying Sun. And an engineer has devised some ingenious solutions for achieving this ambition.
The European Southern Observatory and Breakthrough Watch say they have achieved first light with a new observing instrument designed to spot super-Earths in Alpha Centauri.
Around age six, we start learning how to tie our shoelaces, making knots that look like ribbonsor possibly more complex forms, if we are a little clumsy. We use knots every day, but the type of knots we generally use are associated with physical objects, thi
Scientists may need to rethink their estimates for how many planets outside our solar system could host a rich diversity of life.
Ground control in Beijing adjusts probes orbit and tests rovers capabilities before the landing, Chinese space administration says
A new study has revealed that the teeth of Aristostomias scintillans evolved to reduce light scatter, allowing the fishs wide-open mouth to effectively disappear right before its jaws snap onto its prey.
Theorized dark matter particles haven't yet shown up where scientists had expected them. So researchers are now designing new and nimble experiments that can look for dark matter in previously unexplored ranges of particle mass and energy, and using previousl
The probe is starting a seven-year, $1.5billion mission to decrypt some of the sun's greatest mysteries
Metal-free antennas made of thin, strong, flexible carbon nanotube films are as efficient as common copper antennas, according to researchers.
The spacecraft has now been captured by the moon's gravity and will begin circling it.
Smithsonian Institution in the US estimates time of worlds first attempt to soft-land on the moons lesser-known far side
Gravitational data suggest the anomaly is the metallic core of a giant asteroid that's hiding 190 miles beneath the lunar South Pole-Aitken Basin.
A new, more accessible and much cheaper approach to surveying the topology and strength of interstellar magnetic fieldswhich weave through space in our galaxy and beyond, representing one of the most potent forces in naturehas been developed by researchers 
Chandrayaan 2 will be active for 15 earth days, equivalent to one lunar day, while the scientists are trying to mine the maximum out of this for future use.
With the return to the Moon on NASAs roadmap it seems only fitting that a piece of lunar history has apparently been rediscovered, as astronomers finally pinpoint the long-lost Snoopy
If astronomers want to learn about how supermassive black holes form, they have to start smallreally small, astronomically speaking.
A fossil from Antarctica is now the heaviest known animal in this group of prehistoric marine reptiles.
The coin depicts a black hole and one of the late physicist's most important formulas.
The helicopter is meant to test whether air travel is possible on Mars if controlled by people from Earth.
Researchers have combined 2D materials with oxide materials in a new way, using a transistor-scale device platform, to fully explore the capabilities of these changeable 2D materials to transform electronics, optics, computing and a host of other technologies.
The hope for the reef is for sea life to take up residence within its structures, thus encouraging and maybe even helping preserve the areas biodiversity.
A so-called intergalactic bridge that stretches between two galaxies has been spotted 10 million light-years away by scientists who are hailing it the first discovery of its kind.
Pictures of the earth's water cycle used in education and research throughout the world are in urgent need of updating to show the effects of human interference, according to new analysis by an international team of hydrology experts.
Researchers used a sonic black hole to confirm one of Stephen Hawking's theories.
Could an asteroid hit our planet?  This autumn, an asteroid could smack into our planet, according to scientists at the European Space Agency... but don't head for the doomsday bunkers quite yet.  It's also nowhere near the size of the sort of 'planet killer'
Researchers show that samarium hexaboride is a topological insulator, which allows electrons to flow only along its exterior surface. Together with its strong electron correlations, this material has potential to be used in future spintronic quantum devices t
Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company.
Mapping tens of thousands of genes from a group of Antarctic fishes called notothenioids, a team of researchers has discovered that the massive amount of genetic change required for life in the Antarctic occurred long before the Antarctic cooled. These geneti
Trichoplax, one of the simplest animals on Earth, lives in a highly specific and intimate symbiosis with two types of bacteria. One, Grellia, is related to parasitic bacteria that cause typhus and Rocky Mountain spotted fever. However, it does not appear to h
A team led by Cambridge University has designed the many elements going into the 'brain' of the SKA.
THE Strawberry Moon is the sixth Full Moon to light up the night skies this year. Find out when the June Full Moon rises and what time you can see it.
The method provides manufacturers with a practical way to measure and improve their control of the properties of magnetic nanoparticles for a host of medical and environmental applications.
The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifted on June 29 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
The proposal follows a Chinese scientist who claimed to have created twins from edited embryos last year.
Strengthening of political networks coincided with the intensification of agricultural production, resulting in the widespread adoption of millet by populations across Eurasia.
The temperature around the sun is millions of times hotter than the sun's surface itself.
Research by neuroscientists at the University of Chicago shows how short-term, working memory uses networks of neurons differently depending on the complexity of the task at hand.
NASA just announced that it will officially allow regular citizens - not just certified astronauts - on board the International Space Station, as well as commercial and marketing activities.
This cool cloud dances around the giant cosmic beast.
Moving is much more expensive for robots than sensing or thinking.
NASA got the first glimpse of a moon they believed possessed similar qualities to Earth  but they were left shocked by what they found, a documentary revealed.
A new candidate for the elusive, exotic form of matter.
More than temperature, it's changes in pressure that influence how quickly liquid turns into gas
I Tau b answers questions about how a hot Jupiter so large could have formed around a star only 2 million years old.
Will CRISPR-in-the-clinic come with a fail-safe mechanism?
An international team of astronomers has found that the central black hole of the nearby spiral galaxy NGC 4395 has a mass of about 10,000 solar masses -- about 40 times lighter than previously thought.
Nanotubes can be synthesised at relatively low temperatures using sodium compounds
As if they were bubbles expanding in a just-opened bottle of champagne, tiny circular regions of magnetism can be rapidly enlarged to provide a precise method of measuring the magnetic properties of nanoparticles.
NASA: A dozen private citizens may be able to go to the ISS each year.
If youre putting your body through a test of endurance, whether it's running an ultramarathon or crossing Antarctica, is it mind over matter or is there
NASA is set to launch twin satellites that will study signal disruption from space
Post sponsored by: http://www.emploissherbrooke.ca  The China Yutu-2 lunar vehicle has traveled more than 212 meters in the virgin territory of the hidden side of the Moon and made important discoveries. The lunar explorer of China, Yutu-2, has driven 212.99
Science News: Astronomers believe they may have found the famous lunar module from the Apollo 10 mission, 50 years after it disappeared.
The U.S. space agency NASA announced Monday that it would test for the first time a kind of green fuel on a test satellite this month.
The bold Starlink comms network could severely impact research. Andrew Masterson reports.
Soil food webs play a key role in supporting grassland ecosystems, which cover about one-quarter of the land on Earth. Climate change poses a threat to these environments, partly because of the uncertainty of extremes in rainfall, which is projected to increa
A disc of dust and gas found around a newborn planet could be the birthplace of moons.
Researchers at Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden, have discovered a completely new way of capturing, amplifying and linking light to matter at the nano level. Using a tiny box, built from stacked atomically thin material, they have succeeded in creati
Reference Article
The International Space Station is known for a high altitude and low crime.
Scientists now have a better idea of why giant holes have been opening up in the ice of the Antarctic, and they were assisted by some unique field partners.
Bengaluru firm in consortium to build Moon lander for Nasa
Sharon Weinberger commends a book on how a film inspired the United States to develop technology to capture everyones every move.
Dubbed Seeing 2020, the webcam provides the video feed from a viewing gallery above the clean room floor.
Il y a 10 millions dannes, le rapprochement des satellites de Saturne a provoqu louverture de la division de Cassini. Dans 40 millions dannes, les satellites se seront suffisamment loigns pour que celle-ci se referme.
Distant galaxy give clues to the structure of the Milky Way.
A YELLOWSTONE volcano scientist sent a warning to states in the surrounding areas up to 1000 miles from the supervolcano after he found something that was a 'real puzzle', it was revealed during a lecture.
Insider Picks writes about products and services to help you navigate when shopping online. Insider Inc. receives a commission from our affiliate partners
Strange hole resembles a belly button and sits in the middle of a powerful 'vortex'.
Scientists believe they have discovered the site of the biggest meteorite impact ever to hit the British Isles.
NASA is preparing to launch twin satellites this month that focus on how radio signals that pass through the Earth's upper atmosphere can be distorted.
By finding a certain kind of defect inside a block of diamond and fashioning a pattern of nanoscale pillars on the surface above it, researchers can now control the shape of individual photons emitted by the defect.
University of Colorado Boulder researchers have developed nanobio-hybrid organisms capable of using airborne carbon dioxide and nitrogen to produce a variety of plastics and fuels, a promising first step toward low-cost carbon sequestration and eco-friendly m
Mastering a new skillwhether a sport, an instrument, or a crafttakes time and training. While it is understood that a healthy brain is capable of learning these new skills, how the brain changes in order to develop new behaviors is a relative mystery. More 
The value of all the nickel and iron that scientists believe make up 16-Psyches potato-shaped asteroid in the outer reaches of the asteroid belt totals some $10,000 quadrillion. Its an astronomical sum, but NASAs Psyche mission, which has now received appr
A Noah's Ark strategy will fail. In the roughest sense, that's the conclusion of a first-of-its-kind study that illuminates which marine species may have the ability to survive in a world where temperatures are rising and oceans are becoming acidic.
A SOLAR storm is expected to batter Earth tomorrow after the Sun released a huge flare from its surface several days ago.
You'll also have to pay your way there on a space flight from SpaceX or similar companies.
Gather scientific evidence on the feasibility and risks of marine geoengineering to guide regulation of research, advise Philip Boyd and Chris Vivian.
Scientists from the Universities of Regensburg and Mainz and the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology discovered that the eggs of the European beewolf produce nitric oxide. The gas prevents the larvae's food from getting moldy in the warm and humid brood
A French court has ordered the return of 45 dinosaur and animal fossils to Brazil, and will soon rule on the fate of a spectacular pterosaur skeleto
Mysterious mass beneath lunar surface altering Moon's gravity
Researchers at CU Boulder have discovered hints that humanity's favorite star may have a dual personality, with intriguing discrepancies in its magnetic fields that could hold clues to the sun's own "internal clock."
After putting stupendous efforts to capture the first picture of a black hole, physicists have now shown that black holes eventually evaporate entirely, according to Live Science.
Researchers claim a viable competitor for copper in 5G wireless and other applications.
New research by a team of UK scientists has located the site of the massive impact that took place in Scotland 1.2 billion years ago.
How do you protect yourself from the perfect striking weapon? You develop the perfect shield.
A few years ago, Scott Villa of Emory University had a problem. Then a graduate student at the University of Utah, he was stumped with an issue never addressed in school: How does one film lice having sex?
Superflares are mainly observed in young stars. But research presented at the 234th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society shows that even our relatively docile Sun can produce astoundingly pow
Tourists will be expected to pay NASA for their stay in space, for food, water and use of the life support system on the International Space Station. It will...
 "   FFVD " When he visits South Korea this month,... U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss ways to continue close coordination with P...
Work by a team of University of Adelaide scientists to perfect metal and mineral extraction processes is bringing the possibility of mining the wealth contained within asteroids closer to reality. But science fiction won't become fact until asteroid mining be
London: Dolphins form close friendships based on shared common interests, just like humans, a study claims. Shark Bay, a World Heritage area in Western Australia, is home to an iconic population of Indo-Pacific bottlenose dolphins, and the only place where do
SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket will take to the skies for the third time to launch the US Department of Defense's Space Test Program-2 (STP-2) mission in late June.
Opportunity struggled against a global Martian dust storm to send its final image home The result is kind of sad, and hopeful.
A team of astronomers have been searching for the Apollo 10 lunar module for 8 years. Now, they say they may have found it.
NASA has announced it is testing a new, more efficient fuel for spacecrafts for future missions, which is harmless for humans. See full details at iGyaan
China Launches Rover for First Far Side of The Moon Landing A global first that would boost Beijing's ambitions to become a space superpower The Chang'e-4 lu...
Team Mercury is headed to the Kennedy Space Center at the end of June.
Astronomers probing the edges of the Milky Way have in recent years observed superflares -- huge bursts of energy from stars that can be seen from hundreds of light years away
Managed by the US Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center, STP-2 is the first government-contracted Falcon Heavy launch.
A U.S. astronomical organization expressed concern on Monday over Elon Musk's Internet constellation project, fearing that too many bright artificial satellites will ruin the night sky and affect astronomical observations.
Three letters written by Einstein are up for auction, and they offer an intriguing view of his thoughts on quantum physics.
Researchers at the University of Colorado, Boulder, have now found out that the sun possesses dual personality.
NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine was joined at 10 a.m. EDT Wednesday, June 12, by U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, D.C. Council Chairman Phil Mendelson, and au...
NASA is preparing to explore a mysterious asteroid made of metal, the US space agency has announced.
Plastics are all around usthey make up our water bottles, trash bags, packing materials, toys, containers, and more. About 300 million tons of plastic are produced worldwide each year, yet the details of what goes on at the atomic scale during the plastics p
Mumbai, Feb 15 (IBNS): Megastar Amitabh Bachchan on Wednesday said he feels proud to an Indian as the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) created history with the successful launch of PSLV-C37, carrying a record 104 satellites.
Two months before the Apollo 11 mission landed on the Moon for the first time, another NASA capsule snuck tantalisingly close - only to become lost for decades.
An anomaly, which astronomers believe to be metal, is hiding under the South Pole-Aitken basin.
More-human than mice, the worlds tiniest primates may just have what it takes to become the next top model organism.
For space lovers around the world, the month of June is set to be stellar: Jupiter will be clearly visible, and those wanting to catch a glimpse of its moons will only need a pair of binoculars.
Some big news from Galaxy Zoo: It's looking very much like a classic classification scheme for galaxies first dreamed up by Edwin Hubble himself! may be, um, wrong. The consequences of this are as dramatic as they are cosmic: It implies very strongly tha
What is cooler than a life-size suit of armor on display in your home? Nothing. Or so I thought, until I saw this massive dinosaur skeleton up for auction. Estimated to sell for 
And now, hybrid microbes consume CO2 to produce biodegradable plastics, fuel
For the first time ever, scientists have captured the image of a gaseous ring circling around our galaxy's black hole.
The domesticated almond tree has been feeding humans for millennia. Derivation from the wild, bitter, and toxic almond required loss of the cyanogenic diglucoside amygdalin. Snchez-Prez et al. sequenced the almond genome and analyzed the genomic region resp
Researchers have filled two knowledge gaps: The vacuoles of plant cells can be excited and the TPC1 ion channel is involved in this process. The function of this channel, which is also found in humans, has been a mystery so far.
Cassini was in space for 20 years and has provided information that scientists are still studying and understanding.
Its deathly quiet in the vacuum of space, save only for the faint whisper of gravitational waves.
Millions of floating islands, clustered together, that convert carbon dioxide to methanol fuel could help reduce the amount of green house gases in the atmosphere, according to researchers from Norway and Switzerland.
Israels First Moon Probe Ready for Lift-Off on SpaceX Rocket
NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope has lifted the veil on hidden objects in nearly every corner of the universe, from a new ring around Saturn to observations of some of the most distant galaxies known.
JPL navigators Todd Ely and Jill Seubert fly rovers to Mars. Now the pair have a new mission: helping to develop a future in which spacecraft and landers navigate themselves.
A NASA study from 1995 shows just how toxic caffeine is to the brain. Researchers exposed spiders to a range of different chemicals - including caffeine, marijuana,
Using a new approach, researchers detected the elusive Majorana quasiparticle, notable for being its own antiparticle and for its potential as the basis for a robust quantum computing system, in a device built from a superconductor, small magnetic elements, a
NASA renamed street block in front of its Washington DC headquarters "Hidden Figures Way" in honor of black women who have contributed to US space program.
This mission is going underground.
A new law formalizes restrictions on the collection and use of people's genetic data.
The galaxies are known as The Mice, because of their long tails
Paleontologists have unearthed fossils of a giant trilobite species that inhabited Australian waters approximately 500 million years ago (Cambrian period).
New research indicates the number of planets capable of hosting complex life could be much smaller than we thought.
A team of scientists from DESY and the University of Hamburg has achieved an important milestone in the quest for a new type of compact particle accelerator. Using ultra-powerful pulses of laser light, they were able to produce particularly high-energy flashe
If you follow space news at all, you may have heard of Bennu  the near-Earth asteroid that has a slim (but higher than most) chance of colliding with our planet sometime nearly 200 years from now. The asteroid is notable for many reasons, including the rec
Science News: More than fifty years after the end of the Apollo program, NASA plans to return to the Moon by 2024 as a "proving ground" to test the next generation
Magnetic fields may keep the Milky Way's supermassive black hole quiet.
Nestled within this field of bright foreground stars lies ESO 495-21, a tiny galaxy with a big heart. ESO 495-21 may be just 3000 light-years across, but that is not stopping the galaxy from furiously forming huge numbers of stars. It may also host a supermas
The superflare could impact electronics.
Decay is relentless in the macroscopic world: Broken objects do not fit themselves back together again. However, other laws are valid in the quantum world: New research shows that so-called quasiparticles can decay and reorganize themselves again and are thus
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)s Spitzer Space Telescope, formerly known as the Space Infrared Telescope Facility, will soon call it a day. Spitzer is an infrared telescope that studies the early universe, young galaxies and forming 
India News: The China Manned Space Agency and the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs has selected nine broad areas in which 20 experiments will be cond
Despite how essential plants are for life on Earth, little is known about how parts of plant cells orchestrate growth and greening. By creating mutant plants, UC Riverside researchers have uncovered a cellular communication pathway sought by scientists for de
When massive stars die at the end of their short lives, they light up the cosmos with bright, explosive bursts of light and material known as supernovae. A supernova event is incredibly energetic and intensely luminousso much so that it forms what looks like
Astronomers changed Pluto's status from planet to dwarf planet in 2006, in light of discoveries. Today, some scientists disagree with the decision.
(Inside Science) A gangrene-inducing bite in Africa, 40 years of curiosity, and backyard experiments her daughters still complain about have all come together to tell Alison Cobb one thing: Stripes help zebras keep their cool. Newresearchpublished this we
When scientists subjected two-toned pygmy squid and bigfin reef squid to carbon dioxide levels projected for the end of the century, they received some surprising results.
If this fundamental symmetry of the universe doesnt hold, it could break open new physics.
A new study by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) clarifies what influence major currents in the North Atlantic have on sea level along the northeastern United States. The study, published June 13 in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, exam
Ligaments injury: Extremely common amongst sportspersons, ligament injuries and ligament tears are extremely feared, and can sideline you for weeks. Here are the most common ligament injuries and tears you should be aware of.
The origins of the Solar System's heavy elements such as gold and platinum have been a source of great interest to astronomers. One of the most popular theories is that they were scattered into space by neutron star collisions.
Somebody didn't tell the whole story.
Canada: Canadas RADARSAT Constellation Mission (RCM) was launched successfully into space aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. The constellation of three satellites will provide daily images of Canadas vast territory a
Antlia 2, the "ghost of a galaxy" orbiting the Milky Way, showed signs of having collided with our very own Milky Way.
Scientists seeking to understand the mechanism underlying superconductivity in "stripe-ordered" cupratescopper-oxide materials with alternating areas of electric charge and magnetismdiscovered an unusual metallic state when attempting to turn superconductiv
The Great Red Spot is 1.3-times as wide as Earth, and appears to be dwindling faster than expected.
A new study has discovered that feathers came into being around 100 million years before birds, thus changing our understanding of feathers themselves, their functions and their role in evolution.The key discovery came earlier in 2019 when feathers
Researchers developed a new method to measure the electric potentials of a sample at atomic accuracy. The new scanning quantum dot microscopy method could open up new opportunities for chip manufacture or the characterization of biomolecules such as DNA.
The king of planets is putting on a show these days.
Most people think of water as existing in only one of three phases: Solid ice, liquid water, or gas vapor. But matter can exist in many different phasesice, for example, has more than ten known phases, or ways that its atoms can be spatially arranged. The wi
If the Deep Space Atomic Clock experiment works, it could enable future robots and astronauts to navigate through space without help from Earth.
Earth will be making its closest approach to the Beta Taurids since 1975 this month
A starburst galaxy called ESO 495-21 is just 3,000 light-years across, but it harbors a black hole of about one million solar masses at its core.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has discovered a dune in the shape of Starfleet --- the famous logo from Star Trek --- on Mars, a new picture from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) showed.
In the process of searching for planets orbiting around distant stars using the Kepler Space Telescope, NASA scientists found that the superflares erupted from the Sun could actually disrupt electronics across the globe which could cause widespread black outs
When we hunch over our phones, we put pressure on our lower skull. The body develops more layers of bone to deal with the extra weight.
ASTEROIDS are set to make several near-Earth approaches in the remainder of this month, asteroid trackers at US space agency NASA have warned.
(Reuters Health) - EpiPens and other autoinjectors filled with epinephrine to treat severe allergic reactions may still be potent enough to work many months past their labeled expiration date, according to a new study that concludes patients might need expens
That gold on your ring finger is stellarand not just in a complimentary way.
As NASA plans to take humans to the moon by 2024 through its Mission Artemis 2024, it is also set to give us the first female moonwalker.
The research published in Nature Communications set out to answer a simple questionhow do nanoparticles melt? Although this question has been a focus of researchers for the past century, it still is an open probleminitial theoretical models describing melti
Next month, a total solar eclipse will pass over a slice of the South Pacific, Chile, and Argentinaand directly over an observatory in the Andes run by the National Science Foundation.
"How do you like that, Elon Musk?"
Dolphinsform dear friendshipsbased on shared common interests, as same as the people do, astudyclaims. Shark Bay, a World Heritage zone
Porous graphene sheets have excellent filtration capabilities and are able to block most ions, but their fragility limits their scale-up beyond laboratory demonstrations. Yang et al. created a nanoporous graphene membrane reinforced by a network of single-wal
The US space agency NASA announced Thursday that its asteroid probe OSIRIS-REx set a new record for the closest-ever orbit of a planetary body made by a man-made spacecraft.
Researchers have developed a novel technology that produces liquid hydrocarbon fuels exclusively from sunlight and air. For the first time worldwide they demonstrate the entire thermochemical process chain under real field conditions.
For 10 years, NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope has scanned the sky for gamma-ray bursts (GRBs), the universe's most luminous explosions. A new catalog of the highest-energy blasts provides scientists with fresh insights into how they work.
We never knew this phase in the galactic lifecycle existed.
NASA also stated that there was no water on the Mars' surface to drink.
Scientists figure out the cause of gaping holes in the winter ice pack of Antarctica.
Scientists have discovered a mysterious large mass of material, hidden beneath the largest lunar crater, that is altering the Moons gravitational field.
Science News: More than fifty years after the end of the Apollo program, NASA plans to return to the Moon by 2024 as a "proving ground" to test the next generation
None
Earth will be making its closest approach to the Beta Taurids since 1975 this month
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has discovered a dune in the shape of Starfleet --- the famous logo from Star Trek --- on Mars, a new picture from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) showed.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)s Spitzer Space Telescope, formerly known as the Space Infrared Telescope Facility, will soon call it a day. Spitzer is an infrared telescope that studies the early universe, young galaxies and forming 
Millions of floating islands, clustered together, that convert carbon dioxide to methanol fuel could help reduce the amount of green house gases in the atmosphere, according to researchers from Norway and Switzerland.
A new study by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) clarifies what influence major currents in the North Atlantic have on sea level along the northeastern United States. The study, published June 13 in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, exam

Antlia 2, the "ghost of a galaxy" orbiting the Milky Way, showed signs of having collided with our very own Milky Way.
A new study has discovered that feathers came into being around 100 million years before birds, thus changing our understanding of feathers themselves, their functions and their role in evolution.The key discovery came earlier in 2019 when feathers
Scientists seeking to understand the mechanism underlying superconductivity in "stripe-ordered" cupratescopper-oxide materials with alternating areas of electric charge and magnetismdiscovered an unusual metallic state when attempting to turn superconductiv
JPL navigators Todd Ely and Jill Seubert fly rovers to Mars. Now the pair have a new mission: helping to develop a future in which spacecraft and landers navigate themselves.
When massive stars die at the end of their short lives, they light up the cosmos with bright, explosive bursts of light and material known as supernovae. A supernova event is incredibly energetic and intensely luminousso much so that it forms what looks like
Next month, a total solar eclipse will pass over a slice of the South Pacific, Chile, and Argentinaand directly over an observatory in the Andes run by the National Science Foundation.
Paleontologists have unearthed fossils of a giant trilobite species that inhabited Australian waters approximately 500 million years ago (Cambrian period).
India News: The China Manned Space Agency and the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs has selected nine broad areas in which 20 experiments will be cond
Researchers have filled two knowledge gaps: The vacuoles of plant cells can be excited and the TPC1 ion channel is involved in this process. The function of this channel, which is also found in humans, has been a mystery so far.
Decay is relentless in the macroscopic world: Broken objects do not fit themselves back together again. However, other laws are valid in the quantum world: New research shows that so-called quasiparticles can decay and reorganize themselves again and are thus
If you follow space news at all, you may have heard of Bennu  the near-Earth asteroid that has a slim (but higher than most) chance of colliding with our planet sometime nearly 200 years from now. The asteroid is notable for many reasons, including the rec

Astronomers changed Pluto's status from planet to dwarf planet in 2006, in light of discoveries. Today, some scientists disagree with the decision.
A team of scientists from DESY and the University of Hamburg has achieved an important milestone in the quest for a new type of compact particle accelerator. Using ultra-powerful pulses of laser light, they were able to produce particularly high-energy flashe
A starburst galaxy called ESO 495-21 is just 3,000 light-years across, but it harbors a black hole of about one million solar masses at its core.
In the process of searching for planets orbiting around distant stars using the Kepler Space Telescope, NASA scientists found that the superflares erupted from the Sun could actually disrupt electronics across the globe which could cause widespread black outs
NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope has lifted the veil on hidden objects in nearly every corner of the universe, from a new ring around Saturn to observations of some of the most distant galaxies known.
None
Cassini was in space for 20 years and has provided information that scientists are still studying and understanding.
Magnetic fields may keep the Milky Way's supermassive black hole quiet.
When we hunch over our phones, we put pressure on our lower skull. The body develops more layers of bone to deal with the extra weight.
If this fundamental symmetry of the universe doesnt hold, it could break open new physics.
A new law formalizes restrictions on the collection and use of people's genetic data.
The galaxies are known as The Mice, because of their long tails
A NASA study from 1995 shows just how toxic caffeine is to the brain. Researchers exposed spiders to a range of different chemicals - including caffeine, marijuana,
Despite how essential plants are for life on Earth, little is known about how parts of plant cells orchestrate growth and greening. By creating mutant plants, UC Riverside researchers have uncovered a cellular communication pathway sought by scientists for de
Somebody didn't tell the whole story.
Ligaments injury: Extremely common amongst sportspersons, ligament injuries and ligament tears are extremely feared, and can sideline you for weeks. Here are the most common ligament injuries and tears you should be aware of.
NASA also stated that there was no water on the Mars' surface to drink.
The origins of the Solar System's heavy elements such as gold and platinum have been a source of great interest to astronomers. One of the most popular theories is that they were scattered into space by neutron star collisions.
Canada: Canadas RADARSAT Constellation Mission (RCM) was launched successfully into space aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. The constellation of three satellites will provide daily images of Canadas vast territory a
Most people think of water as existing in only one of three phases: Solid ice, liquid water, or gas vapor. But matter can exist in many different phasesice, for example, has more than ten known phases, or ways that its atoms can be spatially arranged. The wi
ASTEROIDS are set to make several near-Earth approaches in the remainder of this month, asteroid trackers at US space agency NASA have warned.
Scientists have discovered a mysterious large mass of material, hidden beneath the largest lunar crater, that is altering the Moons gravitational field.
The superflare could impact electronics.
The US space agency NASA announced Thursday that its asteroid probe OSIRIS-REx set a new record for the closest-ever orbit of a planetary body made by a man-made spacecraft.
This mission is going underground.
Scientists figure out the cause of gaping holes in the winter ice pack of Antarctica.
We never knew this phase in the galactic lifecycle existed.
Using a new approach, researchers detected the elusive Majorana quasiparticle, notable for being its own antiparticle and for its potential as the basis for a robust quantum computing system, in a device built from a superconductor, small magnetic elements, a
(Inside Science) A gangrene-inducing bite in Africa, 40 years of curiosity, and backyard experiments her daughters still complain about have all come together to tell Alison Cobb one thing: Stripes help zebras keep their cool. Newresearchpublished this we
Porous graphene sheets have excellent filtration capabilities and are able to block most ions, but their fragility limits their scale-up beyond laboratory demonstrations. Yang et al. created a nanoporous graphene membrane reinforced by a network of single-wal
When scientists subjected two-toned pygmy squid and bigfin reef squid to carbon dioxide levels projected for the end of the century, they received some surprising results.
The domesticated almond tree has been feeding humans for millennia. Derivation from the wild, bitter, and toxic almond required loss of the cyanogenic diglucoside amygdalin. Snchez-Prez et al. sequenced the almond genome and analyzed the genomic region resp
(Reuters Health) - EpiPens and other autoinjectors filled with epinephrine to treat severe allergic reactions may still be potent enough to work many months past their labeled expiration date, according to a new study that concludes patients might need expens
That gold on your ring finger is stellarand not just in a complimentary way.
The research published in Nature Communications set out to answer a simple questionhow do nanoparticles melt? Although this question has been a focus of researchers for the past century, it still is an open probleminitial theoretical models describing melti
For 10 years, NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope has scanned the sky for gamma-ray bursts (GRBs), the universe's most luminous explosions. A new catalog of the highest-energy blasts provides scientists with fresh insights into how they work.
Researchers have developed a novel technology that produces liquid hydrocarbon fuels exclusively from sunlight and air. For the first time worldwide they demonstrate the entire thermochemical process chain under real field conditions.
New research indicates the number of planets capable of hosting complex life could be much smaller than we thought.
Researchers developed a new method to measure the electric potentials of a sample at atomic accuracy. The new scanning quantum dot microscopy method could open up new opportunities for chip manufacture or the characterization of biomolecules such as DNA.
"How do you like that, Elon Musk?"
Nestled within this field of bright foreground stars lies ESO 495-21, a tiny galaxy with a big heart. ESO 495-21 may be just 3000 light-years across, but that is not stopping the galaxy from furiously forming huge numbers of stars. It may also host a supermas
As NASA plans to take humans to the moon by 2024 through its Mission Artemis 2024, it is also set to give us the first female moonwalker.
Dolphinsform dear friendshipsbased on shared common interests, as same as the people do, astudyclaims. Shark Bay, a World Heritage zone
If the Deep Space Atomic Clock experiment works, it could enable future robots and astronauts to navigate through space without help from Earth.
NASA renamed street block in front of its Washington DC headquarters "Hidden Figures Way" in honor of black women who have contributed to US space program.
The Great Red Spot is 1.3-times as wide as Earth, and appears to be dwindling faster than expected.
The king of planets is putting on a show these days.
EARTHS orbit may one day need to be altered to escape from being devoured by its dying Sun. And an engineer has devised some ingenious solutions for achieving this ambition.
Israels First Moon Probe Ready for Lift-Off on SpaceX Rocket
Its deathly quiet in the vacuum of space, save only for the faint whisper of gravitational waves.
WORLD WAR 3 and the dire effects climate change will have on the planet are one and the same, a scientist has shockingly announced.
(MENAFN - The Conversation) Europa, a frozen moon around Jupiter, is believed to beone of the most habitable worldsin the solar system. It was first i
Science News: More than fifty years after the end of the Apollo program, NASA plans to return to the Moon by 2024 as a "proving ground" to test the next generation
None
As it went viral, more than the science it led to a battle between actors of Star Wars and Star Trek.
None
THE Big Bang and black holes share an incredible trait: the singularity. This has led experimental scientists to speculate the universe in fact exists beyond the event horizon of a huge higher dimensional black hole that has existed since the beginning of tim
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)s Spitzer Space Telescope, formerly known as the Space Infrared Telescope Facility, will soon call it a day. Spitzer is an infrared telescope that studies the early universe, young galaxies and forming 
Millions of floating islands, clustered together, that convert carbon dioxide to methanol fuel could help reduce the amount of green house gases in the atmosphere, according to researchers from Norway and Switzerland.
A new study by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) clarifies what influence major currents in the North Atlantic have on sea level along the northeastern United States. The study, published June 13 in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, exam

A new study shows that yellow patches on the surface of Europa may be sodium chloride. If so, then that Moon's oceans may be much like Earth's.
Antlia 2, the "ghost of a galaxy" orbiting the Milky Way, showed signs of having collided with our very own Milky Way.
A new study has discovered that feathers came into being around 100 million years before birds, thus changing our understanding of feathers themselves, their functions and their role in evolution.The key discovery came earlier in 2019 when feathers
Scientists seeking to understand the mechanism underlying superconductivity in "stripe-ordered" cupratescopper-oxide materials with alternating areas of electric charge and magnetismdiscovered an unusual metallic state when attempting to turn superconductiv
Many of an organism's traits are influenced by cues from the organism's environment. These features are known as phenotypically plastic traits and are important in allowing an organism to cope with unpredictable environments.
Researchers at the University of Iowa and the U.S. Geological Survey have found that data gathered from orbiting satellites can provide more accurate information on the impact of large earthquakes, which, in turn, can help provide more effective emergency res
When massive stars die at the end of their short lives, they light up the cosmos with bright, explosive bursts of light and material known as supernovae. A supernova event is incredibly energetic and intensely luminousso much so that it forms what looks like
A tiny dwarf galaxy harbors a massive black hole that may offer clues as to how black holes and galaxies evolved in the early Universe
Paleontologists have unearthed fossils of a giant trilobite species that inhabited Australian waters approximately 500 million years ago (Cambrian period).
India News: The China Manned Space Agency and the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs has selected nine broad areas in which 20 experiments will be cond
Researchers have filled two knowledge gaps: The vacuoles of plant cells can be excited and the TPC1 ion channel is involved in this process. The function of this channel, which is also found in humans, has been a mystery so far.
The monster black hole at the center of the Milky Way is eerily quiet, and now astronomers think they know why.
Decay is relentless in the macroscopic world: Broken objects do not fit themselves back together again. However, other laws are valid in the quantum world: New research shows that so-called quasiparticles can decay and reorganize themselves again and are thus
If you follow space news at all, you may have heard of Bennu  the near-Earth asteroid that has a slim (but higher than most) chance of colliding with our planet sometime nearly 200 years from now. The asteroid is notable for many reasons, including the rec

One of the worries that NASA has to face when it sends humans and spacecraft to explore planets or other parts of the solar system is solar activity. Solar activity can result in intense bursts of 
Astronomers changed Pluto's status from planet to dwarf planet in 2006, in light of discoveries. Today, some scientists disagree with the decision.
This new study sheds the power of light in changing materials from positive to negative charges, all through the discovery of 'hidden phases' in matter.
A team of scientists from DESY and the University of Hamburg has achieved an important milestone in the quest for a new type of compact particle accelerator. Using ultra-powerful pulses of laser light, they were able to produce particularly high-energy flashe
A starburst galaxy called ESO 495-21 is just 3,000 light-years across, but it harbors a black hole of about one million solar masses at its core.
A decade-long space legacy coming to an end!
In the process of searching for planets orbiting around distant stars using the Kepler Space Telescope, NASA scientists found that the superflares erupted from the Sun could actually disrupt electronics across the globe which could cause widespread black outs
When we hunch over our phones, we put pressure on our lower skull. The body develops more layers of bone to deal with the extra weight.
If this fundamental symmetry of the universe doesnt hold, it could break open new physics.
A new law formalizes restrictions on the collection and use of people's genetic data.
The galaxies are known as The Mice, because of their long tails
A NASA study from 1995 shows just how toxic caffeine is to the brain. Researchers exposed spiders to a range of different chemicals - including caffeine, marijuana,
Despite how essential plants are for life on Earth, little is known about how parts of plant cells orchestrate growth and greening. By creating mutant plants, UC Riverside researchers have uncovered a cellular communication pathway sought by scientists for de
Somebody didn't tell the whole story.
Ligaments injury: Extremely common amongst sportspersons, ligament injuries and ligament tears are extremely feared, and can sideline you for weeks. Here are the most common ligament injuries and tears you should be aware of.
NASA also stated that there was no water on the Mars' surface to drink.
The origins of the Solar System's heavy elements such as gold and platinum have been a source of great interest to astronomers. One of the most popular theories is that they were scattered into space by neutron star collisions.
Canada: Canadas RADARSAT Constellation Mission (RCM) was launched successfully into space aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. The constellation of three satellites will provide daily images of Canadas vast territory a
Scientists have discovered a mysterious large mass of material, hidden beneath the largest lunar crater, that is altering the Moons gravitational field.
The superflare could impact electronics.
This mission is going underground.
Scientists figure out the cause of gaping holes in the winter ice pack of Antarctica.
We never knew this phase in the galactic lifecycle existed.
None
(Inside Science) A gangrene-inducing bite in Africa, 40 years of curiosity, and backyard experiments her daughters still complain about have all come together to tell Alison Cobb one thing: Stripes help zebras keep their cool. Newresearchpublished this we
In 1969, National Geographic released an acclaimed map of the moon. Now, see the latest version featuring decades' worth of fresh data.
Using a new approach, Princeton University researchers detected the elusive Majorana quasiparticle, notable for being its own antiparticle and for its potential as the basis for a robust quantum computing system, in a device built from a superconductor, small
Porous graphene sheets have excellent filtration capabilities and are able to block most ions, but their fragility limits their scale-up beyond laboratory demonstrations. Yang et al. created a nanoporous graphene membrane reinforced by a network of single-wal
When scientists subjected two-toned pygmy squid and bigfin reef squid to carbon dioxide levels projected for the end of the century, they received some surprising results.
The domesticated almond tree has been feeding humans for millennia. Derivation from the wild, bitter, and toxic almond required loss of the cyanogenic diglucoside amygdalin. Snchez-Prez et al. sequenced the almond genome and analyzed the genomic region resp
(Reuters Health) - EpiPens and other autoinjectors filled with epinephrine to treat severe allergic reactions may still be potent enough to work many months past their labeled expiration date, according to a new study that concludes patients might need expens
New research suggests most of Earth's heavy metals were spewed from a largely overlooked kind of star explosion called a collapsar.
For 10 years, NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope has scanned the sky for gamma-ray bursts (GRBs), the universe's most luminous explosions. A new catalog of the highest-energy blasts provides scientists with fresh insights into how they work.
The Great Red Spot is 1.3-times as wide as Earth, and appears to be dwindling faster than expected.
EARTHS orbit may one day need to be altered to escape from being devoured by its dying Sun. And an engineer has devised some ingenious solutions for achieving this ambition.
After 13 years of work scientist have managed to take a picture of a black hole in space, which is said to be larger than the whole Solar System.
The human family tree has acquired a new branch with the unearthing of a previously unknown species of human that lived on an island in todays Philippines some 50,000 years ago.
Good news for those desperately yearning for warmer weather - the Spring Equinox is here
The coin depicts a black hole and one of the late physicist's most important formulas.
Israels First Moon Probe Ready for Lift-Off on SpaceX Rocket
A humble houseplant with a dash of rabbit DNA could help lower our exposure to indoor air pollution, new research suggests.
The Hawaiian monk seal has become endangered due to a range of threats, from fishing net entanglements to disease. Now the beleaguered species is facing an unexpected new challenge  eels getting stuck up their noses.
Its deathly quiet in the vacuum of space, save only for the faint whisper of gravitational waves.
Some species contain the same neurotoxin found in pufferfish.
The research from University of Guelph in Canada and Columbia University in the US overturns our
Some 65 million years ago the greatest asteroid impact in a billion years may have sown life throughout the solar system, even as it ravaged life on Earth
The next one won't be until 2037.
This catalyst provides a cheap and effective alternative to platinum which is often used in fuel cells
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) said that an estimated $20 billion and $30 billion over the next five years would be needed to put US astronauts back on the Moon in 2024. The cost is roughly the same price tag as the Apollo 11 spacefl
Launched: September 12, 1959 Lunar impact: September 14, 1959 The first spacecraft to land on another celestial body transmitted information that helped scientists confirm the earths only permanent natural satellite has no magnetic field and that the radiati
Project director Vanitha Muthayya and mission director Ritu Karidhal have become overnight heroes for women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), and womankind in general.
InSight's Instrument Deployment Camera (IDC) captured an image of two pits excavated in the Martian soil by the lander's retro rockets.
Last year, the Earth sweltered under the hottest temperatures in modern times for the third year in a row, US scientists said Wednesday, raising new concerns about the quickening pace of climate change.
Don't miss one of the best meteorological events of the year.
Film stars, supermodels, comics and astronomers joined Stephen Hawkings family and friends for his funeral in Cambridge, the city where he dedicated his lifes work to unravelling the mysteries of the universe.
Young adults are more likely to have a spike-like growth on their skull, and a scientific study has linked the phenomenon to the rise in use of smartphones and tablets from a young age.
Washington: Researchers have discovered that the visible yellow pattern on the surface of Jupiter's
Washington D.C. [USA], June 15 (ANI): Researchers have discovered that the visible yellow pattern on the surface of Jupiter's moon -- Europa -- is actually sodium chloride, an ingredient we use on a daily basis.
Circadian machinery of crickets shows both drosophila and mammal-like traits
Researchers from the University of Milan have found that the German astronomer Johannes Kepler may have dabbled with alchemy because of metals found on his manuscript pages.
The immediate medical implication of the finding will be in the treatment of certain cancer patients
Researchers made the discovery of cold quasars which provide more knowledge on how galaxies die, and when they stop producing new stars.
Scientists in Australia tested how two types of squid fared in futuristic waters. The results surprised them.
TeamIndus, incorporated as Axiom Research Labs, is a private company headquartered in Bengaluru. The company joined the consortium led by OrbitBeyond, a US space transportation company, in November, 2018. NASA has tasked them to do lander engineering, which r
Returning astronauts to moon in 2024 could cost about $30 billion, or roughly the same price tag as the Apollo 11 spaceflight when factoring in inflation.
NASA has announced an unusual new discovery: the iconic Star Trek Starfleet logo has been found on the surface of Mars. The insignia was captured by the
When two black holes merged 1.8 billion light years away, their violent union sent shock waves through space and time.
As the world stared in wonder this week at the first image of a black hole, a new star was born here on Earth: Katie Bouman, 29, a postdoctoral researcher who developed an algorithm that was key to capturing the stunning visual.
An overlooked star explosion far away in space may have given the Earth the gift of precious heavy elements such as gold and platinum, a study claims.
Japan has approved a plan to join a US-proposed project to build a new space station in the moons orbit, hoping for a chance to beat Chinas effort to send astronauts to the lunar surface for the first time.
The Big Bang is the defining narrative of modern cosmology: a bold declaration that our universe had a beginning and has a finite age, just like the humans who live within it. That finite age, in turn, is defined by the evidence that universe is expanding (ag
Researchers have discovered that short term memory can be improved by artificially extending neuronal signals called sharp wave ripples.
The periodic table symbolises the logical cogency, principled rationality of all science
The first four days of Apollo 11s journey to the Moon had gone according to plan, but just twenty minutes before landing, the atmosphere grew tense as the crew encountered a series of problems. It was July 20, 1969, and as the world followed the spacecrafts
And it could help us solve the mystery of dark matter.
Scientists know because they have found isotopes released by the explosions in the bodies of tiny organisms living 6.5 km below the ocean's surface.
Astronomers believe the gravitational pull of Saturn's tiniest moons likely shaped and "sculpted" the rings.
Space tourist trips are expected to cost 39m (Dh182.7m) per person
Studies reveal that feathers came before birds.
Tracking individual atoms over time in a solid-to-solid phase puts another nail in classical nucleation theory's coffin
Joshua Stevens/NASA Earth ObservatoryRaikoke volcano on the Kuril Islands in the north Pacific Ocean erupts.The Raikoke volcano, located on the uninhabited
Strange radio signals emanated from a galaxy 3.6 billion light-years away.
Look far enough ahead and in a millennium an ice-free Greenland is a possibility, scientists say. Sea levels too will be a lot higher by then.
Manam volcano news & eruption updates (Ring of Fire > New Guinea)
Class 9 students from a Mumbai school debate whether there should be fewer satellites in space.
NASA plans to head towards a massive asteroid worth hundreds of quintillions of dollars.
Canadian astronaut David Saint-Jacques says he's adapting well to life back on Earth following a more than six-month mission in space. Welcome to The Nationa...
A community of backers from around the world joined Space Center Houston and the City of Webster to help restore the Apollo Mission Control Center at NASA Johnson Space Center and preserve the legacy of the Apollo Program just in time for the 50th anniversary
An Australian-led research effort has managed to pinpoint the location of the first non-repeating Fast Radio Burst, which could have immense implications for astronomy.
The Vespersaurus lived 90 million years ago and is in the same family as the Velociraptor.
If youre not able to see the eclipse next week, find out where and when you need to be to experience totality in the next 10 years
India executed its first anti-satellite mission 3 months ago that left behind loads of space debris. A new report suggests that they havent degraded as expected.
NASA's Dragonfly mission and "technosignatures" of alien civilizations are hot topics at AbSciCon 2019
A team of researchers affiliated with several institutions in Spain and the U.S. has announced that they have discovered a new property of lightself-torque. In their paper published in the journal Science, the group describes how they happened to spot the ne
Some of the reptiles of Mesozoic era relied mainly on plant-dominated diets: study
NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) has discovered a world between the sizes of Mars and Earth orbiting a bright, cool, nearby star. The plan...
In the years after the July 20, 1969 moon landing, NASA recorded over its tapes or sold them to cut costs andadmitted in 2006 that all the original recordings were lost.
More than $5 million was raised, most of it donations, whereas the city of Webster kicked in $3.5 million.
Researchers at Imperial College London have developed a prototype mini MRI scanner that fits around a patient's leg.
WASHINGTON: NASA has announced that it would launch a spacecraft in 2020 to explore the unique and richly organic world Titan.\\
Scientists have discovered 56 previously uncharted subglacial lakes beneath the Greenland Ice Sheet bringing the total known number of lakes to 60. Although these lakes are typically smaller than similar lakes in Antarctica, their discovery demonstrates that 
A giant ostrich-like bird that lived about two million years ago (Pleistocene epoch) has been identified from a fossilized femur found in the Crimean Peninsula, Ukraine.
Psyche's iron alone is thought to be worth a mind-boggling 8,000 quadrillion.
A NASA official says some crews are working around the clock at the space agency's rocket factory in New Orleans to meet a fall 2020 test launch deadline for...
